1 Behold The Lamb Of God
(Tune: 1 UV, O Jumalan Karitsa! Agnus Dei)
1. Behold the Lamb of God, Which taketh away the sin of the world; Upon us grant Thy mercy. 
2. Behold the Lamb of God, Which taketh away the sin of the world; Upon us grant Thy mercy.
3. Behold the Lamb of God, Which taketh away the sin of the world; Give us Thy Peace and Blessing.
2 The Death Of Jesus Innocent
(Trans: 2 UV, Jeesuksen Kualo Viatan; E.K. Anderson)
1. The death of Jesus innocent, Brings consolation in distress; When this in faith we can perceive, Our hearts ignite with ecstasy.
2. The curse of sin severe and harsh, That weighed so heavy on our hearts; With Holy Blood He wiped away, And by His merit our debt He paid.
3. Thus by His sacred pledge to us, In this Divine Communion Cup; We’re strengthened and because of grace, The sweetness of the Lord we taste.
4. Indeed His body in this bread, And in this wine the blood He shed; Upon this altar now are served, As promised in His Holy Word.
5. This is a precious feast indeed, That flows with virtue endlessly; ‘Tis Heaven’s Manna for the soul, That does eternal life bestow.
6. The guest repenting for his sin, Finds Jesus dwelling here with him; For where belief remains alive, There Jesus also does abide.
7. From evil such a guest would flee, Reformed in heart he wants to be; To die to sin and live for Christ, Thus to God’s will devote his life.
8. Howe’er the mean unworthy guest, Does not reform or faith possess; So judgment on himself he brings, And earns damnation for his sins.
9. O Jesus dearest brother mine, Who on the cross was crucified; Oh let Thy sacred wounds now wash, The soul that has by sin been crushed.

10. Let us believe with all our hearts, That Jesus’ merit still imparts; Salvation and good will to men, He who believes is saved. Amen.
3 O Jesus Bread Of Life Divine
(Trans: 3 UV, O Jeesus Leipa Elaman; E.K. Anderson)
1. O Jesus bread of life divine, Now served upon this altar; To sinners who repentant pine; Thou came relief to offer; With earnest tears I now request, Accept me as a worthy guest, At this Communion Supper.
2. To pastures green and fresh that spread, Beside reviving waters; Oh carry me today I beg, And nourishment here offer; So from this sacred mercy feast, My lips might taste refreshment sweet, My soul anew be strengthened.
3. Oh grant me power Jesus dear, To walk in Thy Commandments; And be Thy humble servant here, Deny me not compassion; With faith and hope enlighten me, And with this supper strengthen me, To make my soul Thy dwelling.
4. My mind from hatred purify, And drive away all envy; Forgive me for the sins that lie; Upon my heart so heavy; Thou died for me upon the tree, And from damnation rescued me, On this my faith is founded.
5. Dear Lord I am indeed unfit, To share Thy grace and blessing; Much evil I have done for which, I now repent lamenting; but Jesus dear I still believe, That Thou wilt kindly look on me, When begging Thee for mercy.
6. I’m filled with wounds of sin so pray, Extend Thy hand to heal me; With blinded eyes I walked astray, So graciously now lead me; On me so weak Thy grace bestow, This poor lost lamb now carry home, And aid me with compassion.
7. Oh hasten here dear lover mine, Thyself to me now tender; So that I may Thy Love Divine, E’er lovingly remember; My only solace is in Thee, My comfort in death’s agony, I’ll part from Thee not ever.
8. Still with a humble heart I pray, O Jesus deem me worthy; To dine at this repast today, And be a guest deserving; Abide with me until the end, And then with me from earth ascend, To dwell among the blessed.
4 The Death Of Jesus Christ Our Lord (Tune: 2 UV, Jeesuksen Kuola Viaton)
1. The death of Jesus Christ our Lord, We celebrate with one accord; It is our comfort in distress, Our heart’s sweet joy and happiness.
2. He blotted out with His own blood, The judgment that against us stood; He full atonement for us made, And all our debt He fully paid.
3. That this is now and ever true, He gives an earnest ever new; In this His Holy Supper here, We taste His love so sweet so near.

4. His word proclaims and we believe, That in this Supper we receive; His very body as He said, His very blood for sinners shed.
5. A precious food is this indeed, It never fails us in our need; A Heavenly Manna for our soul, Until we safely reach our goal.
6. Oh blest is each believing guest, Who in this promise finds his rest; For Jesus will in love abide, With those who do in Him confide.
7. The guest that comes with true intent, To turn to God and to repent; To live for Christ to die to sin, Will thus a holy life begin.
8. They who His word do not believe, This food unworthily receive; Salvation here will never find, May we this warning keep in mind.
9. Help us sincerely to believe, That we may worthily receive; Thy supper and in Thee find rest, Amen he who believes is blest.
5 Cause Thee Children’s Lips To Open
(Trans: 6 UV, Avaa Naiden Lasten; E.K. Anderson)
1. Cause these children’s lips to open, Into praising Thee O Lord, Since when words of praise are spoken, It does joy to Thee afford; Let their souls become revived, Knowing Thou art at their side, When they first with one another, Come to Lord’s Communion Supper.
2. May Thy loving kindness lead them, Into faith sincere and true, May the pow’r of blood that freed them, Give them peace of spirit too; Be to them the source of life, Everlasting joy and light, And the wish in them inspire, To go the way which Thou desire.
3. Jesus mercy fountain Holy, Our salvation is in Thee, Look upon Thy children lowly, With forgiving Charity; And Almighty Lord extend, Grace and mercy unto them, Listen to their prayers for guidance, And the sighs they breathe in silence.
4. Since Thy baptism all these children, Have been carried in Thy arms, And Thou promised Thou wouldest give them, Grace to keep them safe from harm; So remind them constantly, To devote themselves to Thee, Soul and body to surrender, And their all to Thee to tender.
5. With these children at this supper, Joyfully now let us sing; For himself let each one utter, Praises to our Lord and King; May our souls become refreshed, As the Lord now give Himself, In the bread and wine He offers, To His guests upon this Altar.
6 Open Lips Of These Thy Children
(Tune: 6 UV, Avaa Naiden Lasten Huulet)
1. Open lips of these Thy children, To utter praises to Thee Lord; As it pleases you to hear them, When Thine Name in praise is called; R’vive Thy children’s souls now here, Let them feel Thy presence near; When they come now for the first time, To eat in grace of Supper Divine.

2. Let Thy everlasting love now, Kindle in them a faith that’s true; Let the power of Thy shed blood, Fill their hearts with gladness too; Be their life their happiness, Be their joy here on each day; Guide them always by Thy Spirit, To follow Thee in grace and mercy.
3. Jesus fountain of great mercy, Our salvation only one; Look with mercy on these children, With forgiveness most divine; Lord Almighty grant to them, Grace and mercy to the end; Hear their prayers as they say them, Hear their sighs in quiet stillness.
4. In Thine Baptism Thou hast carried, All these children in arms of grace; Thou hast given them assurance, Of Thine great abounding grace; Grant that they remember Thee, Give their bodies and souls to keep; Everlastingly of their share, Always trusting all in Thine care.
5. If from Thee they should walk astray, And should they ever fall in sin; For Thine mercy’s sake forgive them, When they beg Thee ardently; When They’re troubled by their sins, Give them strength to rise again; Bless their souls and fill their hearts with, Hope of new life in Thine Spirit.
6. Lord Thine Spirit guide them always, To follow the will of Thine good way; R’viving those that are now weary, Look for those who have gone astray; Helping them to overcome, All the wrong that they have done; Though their conscience prosecutes them, Share Thine strength of blood to free them.
7. As we gather with these children, let us sing so merrily; Each and every one of us can, Praise the Lord of Lords our King; Thou reviveth weary souls, To Thine guests you can unfold; Off’ring of Thine blood and body, At the mercy seat so Holy.
7 How Beautiful They Are
(Trans: 14 UV, O Kuinka Ihanat; E.K. Anderson)
1. How beautiful they are, Thy temples spread afar; Where Lord of Lord Thou feedest, My spirit with the sweetness; Of Thine divine commandments, For which I thank thee with gladness.
2. My soul doth long indeed, To go there constantly; Where comfort I discover, Refreshment in my trouble; My soul and body ever, There in the Lord take pleasure.
3. Like little birds that fly, Across the woodland sky; back to their young protected, In nests which they erected; So far Thy altar yearning, My soul to God is turning.
4. Lord Sabaoth I plead, My earnest prayer now heed; Thy Kingdom keep expanding, Send Satan far off packing; Make me of Thee a member, And blest when death I enter.
5. One day is better in, The courtyards of the King; Than all the world’s enjoyment, Which soon away recoileth; As keeper of Thy doorways, I’d wish to serve Thee always.
6. A warming sun Thou art, When I am chilled of heart; In war a shield of iron, Whose strength I can rely on; Great Glory Thou wilt bring me, A blessed ending give me. Amen.

8 Praise The Lord Each Tribe And Nation (Tune: 15 UV, Koka Maailma)
1. Praise the Lord each tribe and nation, Praise Him with a joyous heart; Ye who know His full salvation, Gather now from every part; Let your voices glorify, In His temple God on high.
2. He’s our God and our Creator, We His flock and chosen seed; He our Lord and Liberator, Us from sin and peril freed; And at last His flock shall rest, In the mansions of the blest.
3. Give Him thanks in all His portals, In the courts His deeds proclaim; Hither come ye ransomed mortals, Glorify our Saviour’s Name; Ever kind and loving He, Keeps His faith eternally.
9 To Thee Now Jesus I Humbly Sing
(Trans: 4 UV, Sull’ Jeesus Mielest’; F. Takkunen)
1. To Thee now Jesus I humbly sing, A song of praise unto Thee; Abundant grace to us bestowed, Unto our souls revival; Thou sound and gracious Friend Divine, In faith with Thee I am combined, In greatest joy I praise Thee.
2. Thou with Thine Love beyond compare, My soul gets nourished always, Therefore unto Thee I will cling, Thou gives me courage always; I feel no lack in anything, In Thee I am a blessed child, In greatest joy I praise Thee.
3. To Thee O Lord I want to be, A faithful mighty servant; And pray that Ye will guide my way, Thy Holy gifts Thou render; When the hour of death is haunting me, This feast of life will strengthen me, I bid farewell rejoicing.
10 To Thee Dear Jesus Humbly Now
(Trans: 4 UV, Sull’ Jeesus Mielest’; E.K. Anderson)
1. To Thee dear Jesus humbly now, My grateful thanks I tender; For that abundant grace which Thou, Here to my soul dost render; So hail to Thee my Friend Divine, My soul doth now commune with Thine, Whereof I sing with rapture.
2. Here with Thyself Thou feedest me, Beyond my comprehension; I therefore would abide in Thee, Thy pain brought my redemption; Of nothing now am I deprived, In Thee dear Lord I’m sanctified, For which to Thee be praises.
3. Oh let me e’er abide in Thee, And faithfully attend Thee; Henceforth abide Thou too in me, Thy Holy talents lend me; By death’s approach when terrified, If with this food I’m fortified, I can depart rejoicing.

11 Lord The Good Now Worship Him
(Trans: 21 UV, Herraa Hyvaa; E.K. Anderson)
1. Lord the good now worship Him, Joyfully they homage bring; All created creatures sing, make His Holy Temples ring.
2. Mighty Holy great and high, Wondrous are His words and right; His dominion great and vast, Endlessly will surely last.
3. Praises give to God on high, With a fervent tongue and mind; Now with cymbals flutes and bells, Harps and drums let music swell.
4. All in whom is breath of life, Be now quick to glorify; Lord the good now joyfully, Hallelujah willingly.
12 All Praise To Thee Our Saviour Good (Tune: 32 UV, Me Sinua Jeesus)
1. All praise to Thee our Saviour good, Who shedst for us Thy precious blood; From Satan’s might and wicked wiles, Thou hast us saved O Jesus Christ.
2. We pray true God and man to Thee, Us from the bonds of sin set free; And comfort us increase our faith, And save us from eternal death.
3. Keep us from sin from grief and shame, And help us by Thy mighty Name; To bear our cross without complaint, And strengthen us when weak and faint.
4. O Jesus Christ our Brother dear, Thou ever wilt be with us here; Remain with us in peace and strife, And grant us everlasting life.
13 Lord Jesus Christ With Us Abide
(Tune: 46 UV, Ah Jeesus Pysy Tykonaan)
1. Lord Jesus Christ with us abide, For round us falls the eventide; Nor let Thy Word that Heavenly Light, For us be ever veiled in night.
2. In these last days of sore distress, Grant us dear lord true steadfastness; That pure we keep ‘till life is spent, Thy Holy Word and Sacrament.
3. Lord Jesus help Thy church uphold, For we are sluggish thoughtless cold; Oh prosper well Thy Word of grace, And spread it’s truth in every place.
4. Oh keep us in Thy Word we pray, The guile and rage of Satan stay; Oh may Thy mercy never cease, Give concord patience courage peace.
5. O God how sin’s dread words abound, Throughout the earth no rest is found; And falsehood’s spirit wide has spread, And error boldly rears it’s head.

6. The haughty spirits Lord restrain, Who o’er Thy Church with might would reign; And always set forth something new, Devised to change Thy doctrine true.
7. And since the cause and glory Lord, Are Thine not ours to us afford; Thy help and strength and constancy, With all our heart we trust in Thee.
8. A trusty weapon is Thy Word, Thy Church’s buckler shield and sword; Oh let us in it’s power confide, That we may seek no other guide.
9. Oh grant that in Thy Holy Word, We here may live and die dear Lord; And when our journey endeth here, Receive us into Glory there.
14 Now Our Worship Sweet Is O’er
(Tune: 137 UV, Tanne Jeesus Tulimme)
1. Now our worship sweet is o’er, Singing, praying, teaching, hearing; Let us gladly God adore, For His gracious strength and cheering; Bless His Name who fain would save us, For the rich repast He gave us.
2. Now the blessing cheers our heart, And the service is all ended; Let us joyfully depart, Be our souls to God commended; His good Spirit ever guide us, And with all things well provide us.
3. Let our going out be blest, Bless our entrance in like measure; Bless O Lord our toil and rest, Bless our bread our grief our pleasure; Be in death Thy blessing given, And make us blest heirs of Heaven.
15 Jesus Is My Friend Most Precious (Tune: 57 UV, Jeesus Ystavan On)
1. Jesus is my friend most precious, Never friend doth love as He, Should I leave this Friend so gracious, Spurn His wondrous love for me? No nor friend nor foe shall sever, Me from Him who loves me so; His shall be my will forever, There above and here below.
2. Bitter death for me He suffered, From all guilt He set me free; To His Father He hath offered, Everlasting prayers for me; Who is he that would condemn me? Christ hath saved me by His grace; Who can from my Saviour draw me? I am safe in His embrace.
3. And I am persuaded ever, Life nor death shall tear me from; Christ my blessed Lord and Saviour, Present things nor things to come; Height nor depth nor fear nor favor, Aught that Heaven and earth afford, Can me from God’s love e’er sever, Love revealed in Christ our Lord.
16 O Sacred Head Now Wounded
(Tune: 95 UL, Taivaan Ihanat Lintuset)
1. O Sacred Head now wounded, With grief and shame weighed down; Now scornfully surrounded, With thorns Thine only crown; O Sacred Head what glory, What bliss ‘till now was Thine; Yet though despised and gory, I joy to call Thee mine.

2. What Thou my Lord hast suffered, Was all for sinner’s gain; Mine, mine was the transgression, But Thine the deadly pain; Lo here I fall my Saviour, ‘Tis I deserve Thy place; Look on me with Thy favor, Vouchsafe to me Thy grace.
3. What language shall I borrow, To thank Thee dearest Friend; For this Thy dying sorrow, Thy pity without end; O make me Thine forever, And should I fainting be; Lord let me never, never, Outlive my love to Thee.
4. Be near me when I’m dying, O show Thy cross to me; And to my succor flying, Come Lord and set me free; These eyes new faith receiving, From Jesus shall not move; For he who dies believing, Dies safely through Thy love.
17 Oh Blessed Joy Then Given
(Trans: 95 UV, vs. 2 and 3; Sen Suven Suloisuutta; E.K. Anderson)
1. Oh blessed joy then given, To look on Christ the Lord; Who opened gates of Heaven, As precious blood He poured; When Heaven’s hall we enter, In prophets’ martyrs’ ranks; And patriarchs’ assembly, Apostles’ holy bands.
2. They all will then confess us, To be their brothers true; And lovingly compel us, To start rejoicing too; And to the right of Jesus, In honor we’ll be led; As Heaven’s arms receive us, There into blessedness.
18 O Jesus Christ Our Saviour Lord
(Trans: 97 UV, O Jeesus Kristus; F. Takkunen)
1. O Jesus Christ our Saviour Lord, The Son of God our refuge true; Thou came on earth for sinners sake, From trouble Thou delivered me.
2. Humbly O Lord we sing and praise, In heartfelt thanks our voices raise; For Thou came here to set us free, So we can live eternally.
3. We humbly pray to Thee O Lord, That with Thy loving grace accord; Thou wilt our footsteps always guide, Until we reach the other side.
4. Help us O Lord to live Thy way, So we can enter Heaven’s gate; To Thee we render praise O Lord, And then in Heaven evermore.
19 Good News From Heaven (Tune: 100 UV, Enkeli Taivaan)
1. Good news from Heaven the Angels bring, Glad tidings to the earth they sing; To us this day a child is given, To crown us with the joy of Heaven.
2. This is the Christ our God and Lord, Who in all need shall aid afford; He will Himself our Saviour be, And from our sins will set us free.

3. To us that blessedness He brings, Which from the Father’s bounty springs; That in the Heavenly realm we may, With Him enjoy eternal day.
4. All hail Thou noble Guest this morn’, Whose love did not the sinner scorn; In my distress Thou com’st to me, What thanks shall I return to Thee.
5. Were earth a thousand times as fair, Beset with gold and jewels rare; She yet were far too poor to be, A narrow cradle Lord for Thee.
6. Ah dearest Jesus Holy Child, Make Thee a bed soft undefiled; Within my heart that it may be, A quiet chamber kept for Thee.
7. Praise God upon His Heavenly Throne, Who gave to us His only Son; For this His hosts on joyful wing, A Blest New Year of mercy sing.
20 A Mighty Fortress Is Our God (Finnish trans: 131 UV)
1. A mighty fortress is our God, A trusty shield and weapon; He helps us free from ev’ry need, That hath us now o’er-taken; The old evil Foe, Now means deadly woe; Deep guile and great might, Are his dread arms in fight; On earth is not his equal.
2. With might of ours can naught be done, Soon were our loss effected; But for us fights the Valiant One, Whom God Himself elected; Ask ye who this is; Jesus Christ it is; Of Sabaoth Lord, And there’s non other God; He hold the field forever.
3. Tho’ devils all the world should fill, All eager to devour us; We tremble not we fear no ill, They shall not over-pow’r us; This world’s prince may still, Scowl fierce as he will, He can harm us none, He’s judged the deed is done; One little word can fell him.
4. The word they still shall let remain, Nor any thanks have for it; He’s by our side upon the plain, With His good gifts and Spirit; And take they our life, Goods fame child and wife, Let these all be gone, They yet have nothing won; The Kingdom ours remaineth.
21 The Righteous Into Joy Are Brought
(Trans: 69 UV, Verses 12 and 13, Vanhurskaat Iloon Kannetaan, E.K. Anderson)
1. The righteous into joy are brought, Bestowed through grace and surely not, For merit e’er awarded; There they all carol joyfully, And praise dear Jesus when they see, The Trinity before them; The sun and moon will cease to shine, But on the Saints a light divine, Is shed by God Himself then, So comfort and protect them.
2. O Jesus lend me wisdom so, I might here in this vale of woe, Evade the devil’s slyness; Thy coming constantly recall, Refrain from sin and unto all, Extend good will and kindness; When death comes knocking at my breast, My heart by sickness is oppressed; Look graciously upon me, And guard my soul and body.

22 Lord Keep Us Steadfast In Thy Word (Tune: 51 UV, Sun Haltuus Rakas)
1. Lord keep us steadfast in Thy Word, Curb those who fain by craft or sword; Would wrest the Kingdom from Thy Son, And set at naught all He hath done.
2. Lord Jesus Christ Thy power made known, For Thou art Lord of Lords alone; Defend Thy Christendom that we, May evermore sing praise to Thee.
3. O comforter of priceless worth, Send peace and unity on earth; Support us in our final strife, And lead us out of death to life.
23 Lord Jesus Though But Two Or Three (tune: 51 UV, Sun Haltuus Rakas)
1. Lord Jesus though but two or three, In Thy dear Name assembled be; Thou wilt among them show Thy face, And bless them with Thy saving grace.
2. In Thy dear Name again we meet, And worship humbly at Thy feet; Thou wilt Thy gracious Word fulfill, And cheer us with Thy presence still.
3. O Thou from whom all blessings flow, Thy peace and comfort now bestow; Abide with us ‘till life is o’er, And make us Thine forevermore.
24 Lord Jesus Christ Be Present Now (tune: 51 UV, Sun Haltuus Rakas)
1. Lord Jesus Christ be present now, And let Thy Holy Spirit bow; All hearts in love and fear today, To hear the truth and keep Thy way.
2. Unseal our lips to sing Thy praise, Our heart in true devotion raise; Our faith increase our minds enlight, That we may know Thy Name aright.
3. Until we join the host that cry, “Holy art Thou O Lord most high;” And ‘mid the light of that blest place, Shall gaze upon Thee face to face.
4. Glory to God the Father Son, And Holy Spirit Three in One; To Thee O Blessed Trinity, Be praise throughout eternity.
25 Abide With Us O Saviour Dear (Tune: 46 UV, Ah Jeesus! Pysy)
1. Abide with us O Saviour dear, For dark and lowering clouds appear; And let Thy light Thy Word divine, Continue in Thy church to shine.
2. Lord Jesus help Thy church uphold, For we are weak indifferent cold; Give us Thy Spirit and Thy grace, And spread Thy truth in every place.

3. And keep us steadfast in Thy Word, Stay Satan’s fatal wiles O Lord; To us Thy grace and power reveal, And let Thy church Thy presence feel.
4. Thy Word is in distress and need, Our comfort and defense indeed; By it Thy church keep pure within, And free from error shame and sin.
5. Grant that Thy Word may light our way, That we in darkness may not stray; But through this vale of sin and woe, May to the Heavenly mansions go.
26 O Living Bread From Heaven
(Tune: 13 UL, Nyt Uskossa Ma Katson)
1. O living bread from Heaven, How hast Thou fed Thy guest; The gifts Thou now hast given, Have filled my heart with rest; Oh wondrous food of blessing, Oh cup that heals our woes; My heart this gift possessing, In Thankful song o’erflows.
2. My Lord Thou here hast led me, Within Thy Holiest place; And there Thyself hast fed me, With treasures of Thy grace; And Thou hast feely given, What earth could never buy; The Bread of Life from Heaven, That now I shall not die.
3. Lord grant me that thus strengthened, With Heavenly food while here; My course on earth is lengthened, I serve with Holy fear; And when Thou call’st my spirit, To leave this world below; I enter through Thy merit, Where joys unmingled flow.
27 O Bread Of Life From Heaven
(Tune: 309 UL, Taivaassa On Ilo Suuri)
1. O Bread of life from Heaven, To weary pilgrims given; O Manna from above; The souls that hunger feed Thou, The hearts that seek Thee lead Thou; With Thy most sweet and tender Love.
2. O Fount’ of grace redeeming, O River ever streaming; From Jesus Holy side; Come Thou Thyself bestowing, On Thirsting souls and flowing; ‘Till all their wants are satisfied.
3. Jesus this feast receiving, Thy Word of truth believing; We Thee unseen adore; Grant when our race is ended, That we to Heaven ascended; May see Thy Glory ever more.
28 Come To Calv’rys Holy Mountain
(Tune: 15 UV, Koko Mailmaa Iloit’ Mahtaa)
1. Come to Calv’rys Holy mountain, Sinners ruined by the fall; Here a pure and healing fountain, Flows to you to me to all; In a full perpetual tide, Opened when our Saviour died.
2. Come in poverty and meanness, Come defiled without within; From infection and uncleanness, From the leprosy of sin; Wash your robes and make them white, Ye shall walk with God in light.

3. Come in sorrow and contrition, Wounded impotent and blind; Here the guilty free remission, Here the troubled peace may find; Health this fountain will restore, He that drinks shall thirst no more.
4. He that drinks shall live forever, ‘Tis a soul renewing flood; God is faithful God will never, Break His covenant of blood; Signed when our Redeemer died, Sealed when He was glorified.
29 Wake Awake For Night Is Flying
(Tune: 159 UV, Kaikkivoipa Jumalamme)
1. Wake awake for night is flying; The watchmen on the heights are crying; Awake Jerusalem arise; Midnight’s solemn hour is tolling, His chariot wheels are nearer rolling; He comes prepare ye virgins wise; Rise up with willing feet, Go forth the Bridegroom meet; Hallelujah, Bear thro’ the night, Your well trimmed light; Speed forth to join the marriage rite.
2. Zion hears the watchmen singing, Her heart with deep delight is springing; At once she wakes she hastes away; Forth her Bridegrooms hastens glorious, In grace arrayed by truth victorious; Her grief is joy her night is day; All Hail incarnate Lord, Our crown and our reward; Hallelujah, We haste along, In pomp of song; And gladsome join the marriage throng.
3. Hear Thy praise O Lord ascending, From tongues of men and Angels blending, With harps and flute and psaltery; By Thy pearly gates in wonder, We stand and swell the voice of thunder, In bursts of choral melody; No vision ever brought, No ear hath ever caught; Such bliss and joy, We raise the song, We swell the throng; To praise Thee ages all along.
30 The Morning Star Upon Us Gleams (Tune: 24 UV, Kuin Kirkkaast’ Kointahti)
1. The Morning Star upon us gleams, How full of grace and truth His beams; How passing fair His splendor; Good Shepherd David’s proper heir, My King in Heaven Thou dost me bear, Upon Thy bosom tender; Nearest, Dearest, Highest, Brightest, Thou delightest, Still to love me; Thou so high enthroned above me.
2. Strike deep into this heart of mine, Thy rays of love Thou Star divine, And fire its dying embers; And grant that naught have power to part, Me from Thy body Lord who art, The life of all Thy members; I stand, Thy hand, Ever taking, Ne’er forsaking, Naught shall ail me; Bread of life Thou wilt not fail me.
3. Lift up the voice and strike the string, Let all glad sounds of music ring, In God’s high praises blended; Christ will be with me all the way, Today tomorrow every day, ‘Till traveling days be ended; Sing out, Ring out, Triumph glorious, O victorious, Chosen nation; Praise the God of your salvation.

31 On My Heart Imprint Thine Image (Tune: 30 UV, Jeesus Sinun Vaivas)
1. On my heart imprint Thine image, Blessed Jesus King of race; That life’s riches cares and pleasures, Have no power Thee to efface; This the superscription be, Jesus crucified for me; Is my life my hope’s foundation, And my glory and salvation.
32 When My Last Hour Is Close At Hand (Tune: 142 UV, Kaikk’ Kaataa Tempaa)
1. When my last hour is close at hand, Lord Jesus Christ attend me; Beside my bed my Saviour stand, To comfort help defend me; Into Thy hands I will commend, My trembling soul at my last end, How safe is Thy sweet keeping.
2. Lord Thou hast joined my soul to Thine, In bonds no power can sever; Grafted in Thee the living vine, I shall be Thine forever; Lord when I die I die to Thee, Thy precious death hath won for me; A life that never endeth.
3. Since Thou hast risen from the grave, The grave cannot detain me; “Christ died, Christ rose again” to save, These words shall still sustain me; For where Thou art there I shall be, That I may ever live with Thee, This is my joy in dying.
4. To Thee Lord Jesus Christ I will, With arms outstretched betake me; I sleep in Thee – so sound so still, No mortal man can wake me; For Jesus Christ God’s Son I wait, To open me the Heavenly gate, Which leads to life eternal.
33 O What Precious Balm And Healing (Tune: 30 UV, Jeesus Sinun Vaivas)
1. O what precious balm and healing, Jesus in Thy wounds I find; Every hour that I am feeling, Pains of body and of mind; Should some evil though rush in, And provoke my soul to sin; Thoughts of Thy deep wounds from sinning, Keep me in it’s first beginning.
2. Yes whate’er may pain or grieve me, Thy dear wounds can make me whole; When my heart sinks they revive me, Life pours in upon my soul; May Thy comfort render sweet, Every bitter cup I meet; Thou who by Thy death and passion, Hast procured my soul’s salvation.
3. Well of life if Thou art nigh me, Springing deep within my heart; When the last dread hour shall try me, I can feel no inward smart; If I hide myself in Thee, Not a foe can injure me; He shall overcome who hideth, In Thy wounds and there abideth.
34 Come Holy Ghost Creator Blest
(Tune: 35 UV, Tule Pyha Henki Luoja)
1. Come Holy Ghost Creator blest, Vouchsafe within our souls to rest; Come with Thy grace and Heavenly aid, Come with Thy grace and Heavenly aid; And fill the hearts which Thou hast made.

2. To Thee the comforter we cry, To Thee the gift of God most high; The fount’ of life the fire of love, The fount’ of life the fire of love; The soul’s anointing from above.
3. Thy light to every thought impart, And shed Thy love in every heart; The weakness of our mortal state, The weakness of our mortal state; With deathless might invigorate.
4. Make Thou to us the Father known, Teach us the eternal Son to own; And Thee whose name we ever bless, And Thee whose name we ever bless; Of both the Spirit to confess.
5. Praise we the Father and the Son, And Holy Spirit Three in One; And may the Son on us bestow, And may the Son on us bestow; The gifts that from the Spirit flow.
35 Blessed Jesus At Thy Word
(Tune: 137 UL, Tanne Jeesus Tulimme)
1. Blessed Jesus at Thy Word, We are gathered all to hear Thee; Let our hearts and souls be stirred, Now to seek and love and fear Thee; by Thy teachings sweet and Holy, Drawn from earth to love Thee solely.
2. All our knowledge sense and sight, Lie in deepest darkness shrouded; ‘Till Thy Spirit breaks the night, With the beams of truth unclouded; Thou alone to God can’st win us, Thou must work all good within us.
3. Glorious Lord Thyself impart, Light of light from God proceeding; Open Thou our ears and heart, Help us by Thy Spirit’s pleading; Hear the cry Thy people raises, Hear and bless our prayers and praises.
36 Of My Life The Life O Jesus
(Tune: 31 UV, Jeesus Elon Aututeeni)
1. Of my life the life O Jesus, Of my death the death also; Who has given Thyself to ease us, From our load of guilt and woe; By Thy death our ransom buying, And preserving us from dying; Thousand thousand thanks to Thee, Blessed Jesus ever be.
2. O what cruel provocations, Scourges of the tongue and rod, Spitting shame and accusations, Hast Thou borne Thou Son of God; To redeem my soul from evil, And the bondage of the devil; Thousand thousand thanks to Thee, Blessed Jesus ever be.
3. Thou didst let Thyself be beaten, To deliver me from pain; Falsely charged and sorely smitten, That Thy loss might be my gain; Thou hast suffered crucification, For my comfort in affliction; Thousand thousand thanks to Thee, Blessed Jesus ever be.

37 Oh Holy Spirit Grant Us Grace
(Tune: 4 UV, Sull’ Jeesus Mielest’ Noyrasta)
1. O holy Spirit grant us grace, That we our Lord and Saviour; In faith and fervent love embrace, And truly serve Him ever; So that when death is drawing nigh, We to His open wounds may fly; And find in them salvation.
2. Help us that we Thy saving Word, In faithful hearts may treasure; Let e’er that bread of life afford, New grace in richest measure; Yea let us die to ev’ry sin, For Heaven create us new within, That fruits of faith may flourish.
3. And when our earthly race is run, Death’s bitter hour impending; Then may Thy work in us begun, Continue ‘till life’s ending; Until we gladly may commend, Our souls into our Saviour’s hand, To rest in peace eternal.
38 O Holy Blessed Trinity
(Tune: 47 UV, Nyt On Meill’ Herran)
1. O Holy Blessed Trinity, Divine eternal Unity; God, Father, Son and Holy Ghost, Be Thou this day our guide and host.
2. My soul and body keep from harm, O’er all I have extend Thine arm; That Satan may not cause distress, Not bring me shame and wretchedness.
3. The Father’s Love shield me this day, The Son’s pure wisdom cheer my way; The Holy Spirit’s light divine, Illume my heart’s benighted shrine.
4. Lord bless and keep Thou me as Thine, Lord make Thy face upon me shine; Lord lift Thy countenance on me, And give me peace-sweet peace from Thee.
39 I Fall Asleep In Jesus Wounds
(Tune: 90 UV, Ma Nukun Haavoin Kristuksen)
1. I fall asleep in Jesus’ wounds There pardon for my sin abounds; Yea Jesus’ blood and righteousness, My jewels are my glorious dress.
2. In which before my God I’ll stand, When I shall reach the Heavenly Land; So now in peace I yield my breath, I am God’s child in life and death.
3. ‘Tis well O death thou takest me, To dwell with Christ eternally; Through Jesus Christ I am made whole, Receive O Lord my ransomed soul.
40 My God I Know That I Must Die (Tune: 40 UV, Pyha On Isa Jumala)
1. My God I know that I must die, My mortal life is passing hence, On earth I neither hope nor try, To find a lasting residence; Then teach me by Thy Heavenly grace, With joy and peace my death to face.

2. My God I know not when I die, What is the moment or the hour; How soon the clay may broken lie, How quickly pass away the flower; Then may Thy child prepared be, Through time to meet eternity.
3. My God I know not how I die, For death has many ways to come; In dark mysterious agony, Or gently as a sleep to some; Just as Thou wilt if but it be, To bring me blessed Lord to Thee.
4. My God I know not where I die, Where is my grave beneath what strand; Yet from it’s gloom I do rely, To be delivered by Thy hand; Content I take what spot is mine, Since all the earth my Lord is Thine.
5. My gracious Lord when I must die, Oh bear my happy soul above; With Christ my Lord eternally, To share Thy Glory and Thy Love; Then comes it right and well to me, When, where and now my death shall be.
41 Praise God This Hour Of Sorrow (Tune: 89 UV, Maailma Sinun Jatan)
1. Praise God this hour of sorrow, Shall bring my a brighter morrow; I go to Paradise, My mother dear and father; When round my grave you gather, Lay me to rest with songs of praise.
2. What better can befall me, Than that the Lord doth call me; From hence where sin holds sway, Who is on earth a stranger, Must ever be in danger, ‘Till God hath closed life’s fleeting day.
3. God takes His own from anguish, And pain in which they languish, Within this vale of tears, And gives them to inherit, The crown that Christ did merit, The joy of Heaven’s eternal years.
4. Farewell I now must leave you, The grief this day doth give you; Soon others too shall bear, Be ye to God commended, In Heaven all woe is ended, And we shall meet in Glory there.
42 Great God What Do I See And Hear (Tune: 93 UV, Jo Aivan Lasna Aika On)
1. Great God what do I see and hear, The end of things created; The Judge of mankind doth appear, On clouds of Glory seated; The trumpet sounds the graves restore, The dead which they contained before; Prepare my soul to meet Him.
2. The dead in Christ shall first arise, At the last trumpet’s sounding; Caught up to meet Him in the skies, With joy their Lord surrounding; No gloomy fears their souls dismay, His presence sheds eternal day; On those prepared to meet Him.
3. But sinners filled with guilty fears, Behold His wrath prevailing; For they shall rise and find their tears, And sighs are unavailing; The day of grace is past and gone, They trembling stand before the throne; All unprepared to meet Him.
4. O Christ who diedst and yet dost live, To me impart Thy merit; My pardon seal my sins forgive, And cleanse my by the Spirit; Beneath Thy cross I view the day, When Heaven and earth shall pass away; And thus prepared to meet Thee.

43 Rejoice, Rejoice Believers
(Tune: 13 UL, Nyt Uskossa Ma Katson)
1. Rejoice rejoice believers, And let your lights appear; The evening is advancing, And darker night is near; The Bridegroom is arising, And soon He draweth nigh; Up pray and watch and wrestle; At midnight comes the cry.
2. The watchers on the mountain, Proclaim the Bridegroom near; Go meet Him as He cometh, With Hallelujahs clear; The marriage feast is waiting, The gates wide open stand; Up Up ye heirs of glory; The Bridegroom is at hand.
3. Ye saints who here in patience, Your cross and sufferings bore; Shall live and reign forever, When sorrow is no more; Around the throne of glory, The Lamb we shall behold, In triumph cast before Him, Your diadems of gold.
4. Our hope and expectation, O Jesus now appear; Arise Thou Sun so longed for, O’er this benighted sphere; With hearts and hands uplifted, We plead O Lord to see; The day of earth’s redemption, That brings us unto Thee.
44 There Were Ninety And Nine
(Tune: 198 UL, Se Lapsi Joka Uskossa)
1. There were ninety and nine that safely lay, In the shelter of the fold; But one was out on the hills away, Far off from the gates of gold; Away on the mountains wild and bare, Away from the tender Shepherd’s care; Away from the tender Shepherd’s care.
2. “Lord Thou hast here Thy ninety and nine, Are they not enough for Thee” But the Shepherd made answer: “’Tis of mine has wandered away from me; And although the road be rough and steep, I go to the desert to find my sheep; I go to the desert to find my sheep.”
3. But none of the ransomed ever knew, How deep were the waters crossed; Or how dark was the night that the Lord passed through, Ere He found His sheep that was lost; Out in the desert He heard it’s cry; Sick and helpless and ready to die, Sick and helpless and ready to die.
4. “Lord whence are those blood-drops all the way, That mark out the mountain’s track;” They were shed for the one who had gone astray, ‘Ere the Shepherd could bring him back; “Lord whence are Thy hands so rent and torn?” “They are pierced tonight by many a thorn, They are pierced tonight by many a thorn.”
5. But all through the mountains thunder-riven, And up from the rocky steep, There rose a cry to the gate of Heaven; “Rejoice I have found my sheep;” And the Angels echoed around the Throne, “Rejoice for the Lord brings back His own, Rejoice for the Lord brings back His own.”

45 I’ve Wandered Far Away From God
1. I’ve wandered far away from God, Now I’m coming home; The paths of sin too long I’ve trod,
Lord I’m coming home.
Chorus: Coming home, coming home, Never more to roam; Open wide Thine arms of Love; Lord I’m coming home.
2. I’ve wasted many precious years, Now I’m coming home; I now repent with bitter tears, Lord I’m coming home. Chorus:
3. I’m tired of sin and straying Lord, Now I’m coming home; I’ll trust Thy Love, Believe Thy Word, Lord I’m coming home. Chorus:
4. My soul is sick my heart is sore, Now I’m coming home; My strength renew my hope restore, Lord I’m coming home. Chorus:
5. I need His cleansing blood I know, Now I’m coming home; O wash me whiter than the snow, Lord I’m coming home. Chorus:
46 There’s A Land That Is Fairer Than Day
1. There’s a land that is fairer than day, And by faith I can see it afar; For the Father waits over the way, To prepare us a dwelling place there.
Chorus: In the sweet by and by, We shall meet on that beautiful shore; In the sweet by and by, We shall meet on that beautiful shore.
2. We shall sing on that beautiful shore, The melodious songs of the blest; And our spirits shall sorrow no more, Not a sigh for the blessing of rest. Chorus:
3. To our bountiful Father above, We will offer our tribute of praise; For the glorious gift of His Love, And the blessings that hallow our days. Chorus:
47 On A Hill Far Away
1. On a hill far away stood an old rugged cross, The emblem of suff’ring and shame; And I love that old cross where the dearest and blest, For a world of lost sinners was slain.
Chorus: So I’ll cherish the old rugged cross, ‘Till my trophies at last I lay down; I will cling to the old rugged cross, And exchange it some day for a crown.
2. Oh that old rugged cross so despised by the world, Has a wondrous attraction for me; For the dear Lamb of God left His Glory above, To bear it to dark Calvary. Chorus:
3. In the old rugged cross stained with blood so divine, A wondrous beauty I see; For ‘twas on that old cross Jesus suffered and died, To pardon and sanctify me. Chorus:

4. To the old rugged cross I will ever be true, It’s shame and reproach gladly bear; Then He’ll call me some day to my home far away, Where His Glory forever I’ll share. Chorus:
48 Jesus Jesus Only Jesus
(Tune: 28 UV, Jeesus Onnen’ Osan’)
1. Jesus Jesus only Jesus, Can my heart-felt longing still; See I pledge myself to Jesus, What He will alone to will; For my heart which He hath filled, Ever cries Lord as Thou wilt.
2. One there is for whom I’m living, Whom I love most tenderly; Jesus unto whom I’m giving, What in love He gave to me; Jesus blood hides all my guilt, Lead me Lord then as Thou wilt.
3. Seems a thing to me a treasure, Which displeasing is to Thee; Then remove such dang’rous pleasure, Give instead what profits me; Let my heart by Thee be stilled, Make me Thine Lord as Thou wilt.
4. Grant that I may e’er endeavor, Thy good pleasure to fulfill; In me through me with me ever, Lord accomplish Thou Thy will; Let me die Lord on Thee built, When and where and as Thou wilt.
5. Lord my praise shall be unceasing, For Thou gav’st Thyself to me; And besides so many a blessing, That I now sing joyfully; Be it unto me my shield, As Thou wilt Lord as Thou wilt.
49 Jesus The Very Thought Is Sweet (Tune: 2 UV, Jeesuksen Kuolo Viaton)
1. Jesus the very thought is sweet, In that dear Name all heart-joys meet; But O than honey sweeter are, The glimpses of His presence are.
2. No word is sung more sweet than this, No Name is heard more full of bliss; No thought brings sweeter comfort nigh, Than Jesus Son of God most high.
3. Jesus to God the Father gone, Is seated on the Heavenly Throne; My heart hath also passed from me, That where He is there it may be.
4. We follow Jesus now and raise, The voice of prayer the hymn of praise; That He at last may make us meet, With Him to gain the Heavenly seat.
50 I Come To Thee O Blessed Lord (Tune: 51 UV, Sun Haltuus Rakas)
1. I come to Thee O blessed Lord, Invited by Thy gracious Word; To this Thy feast to sup with Thee, Grant that a worthy guest I be.
2. I come to Thee with sin and grief, For Thou alone canst give relief; Thy death for me dear Lord I plead, O Jesus help me in my need.

3. Shouldst Thou a strict account demand, Who could O Lord before Thee stand; Purge all my secret sins away, Be Thou O Christ the sinner’s stay.
4. O Jesus Lamb of God alone, Who didst for all our sins atone; Though I have sinned and gone astray, Turn not O lord Thy guest away.
5. O Jesus Lamb of God alone, Who didst for all our sins atone; Be merciful I Thee implore, Have mercy Lord for evermore.
51 Almighty Father Bless The Word
(Tune: 79 UV, Ma Heratessan’ Aamulla)
1. Almighty Father bless the Word, Which through Thy grace we now have heard; Oh may the precious seed take root, Spring up and bear abundant fruit.
2. We praise Thee for the means of grace, As home-ward now our steps we trace; Grant Lord that we who worship here, May all at last in Heav’n appear.
52 O Bride Of Christ Rejoice
(Tune: 11 UV, Maa Suur’ Ja Avara)
1. O Bride of Christ rejoice, Exultant raise thy voice; To hail the day of Glory, Foretold in sacred story; Hosanna praise and glory, Our King we bow before Thee.
2. Let shouts of gladness rise, Triumphant to the skies; Now comes the King most glorious, To reign o’er all victorious; Hosanna praise and glory, Our King we bow before Thee.
3. He wears no kingly crown, Yet as a King is known; Tho’ not arrayed in splendor, He still makes death surrender; Hosanna praise and glory, Our King we bow before Thee.
4. The weak and timid find, How meek He is and kind; To them He gives a treasure, Of bliss beyond all measure; Hosanna praise and glory, Our King we bow before Thee.
5. Thy heart now open wide, Bid Christ with thee abide; He graciously will hear thee, And be forever near thee; Hosanna praise and glory, Our King we bow before Thee.
6. Then go thy Lord to meet, Strew palm-leaves at His feet; Thy garments spread before Him, And honor and adore Him; Hosanna praise and glory, Our King we bow before Thee.
7. E’en babes with one accord, With thee shall praise the Lord; And every Gentile nation, Respond with exultation; Hosanna praise and glory, Our King we bow before Thee.

53 Jesus Lives The Broken Tomb
(Tune: 137 UV, Tanne Jeesus Tulimme)
1. Jesus lives the broken tomb, Tells the resurrection story; Joy has now dispelled the gloom, Sealed His passion is with glory; Lightning gleams and mountains shiver, He was dead but lives forever.
2. I have won the triumph’s His, Death is swallowed up in victory; Bound the Prince of Darkness is, Free am I O blessed mystery; Mine is Heaven fair and glorious, Jesus won I am victorious.
54 Brief Life Is Here Our Portion
(Tune: 95 UV, Sen Suven Suloisuutta)
1. Brief life is here our portion, Brief sorrow short-lived care; The life that knows no ending, The tearless life is there; O happy retribution, Short toil eternal rest, For mortals and for sinners, A mansion with the blest.
2. And now we fight the battle, But then shall wear the crown; Of full and everlasting, And passionless renown; And now we watch and struggle, And now we live in hope; And Zion in her anguish, With Babylon must cope.
3. But He whom now we trust in, Shall then be seen and known; And they that know and see Him, Shall have Him for their own; And there is David’s fountain, And life in fullest glow; And there the light is golden, And milk and honey flow.
4. The morning shall awaken, And shadows shall decay; And each true-hearted servant, Shall shine as doth the day; There God our King and Portion, In fullness of His grace; Shall we behold forever, And worship face to face.
5. O sweet and blessed country, The home of God’s elect; O sweet and blessed country, That eager hearts expect; Jesus in mercy bring us, To that dear land of rest, Who art with God the Father, And Spirit ever blest.
55 Thy Little Ones Dear Lord Are We (Tune: 10 UL, Kay Rohkeasti Ristin Luo)
1. Thy little ones dear Lord are we, And come Thy lowly bed to see; Enlighten every soul and mind, That we the way to Thee may find.
2. With songs we hasten Thee to greet, And kiss the dust before Thy feet; O blessed hour, O sweetest night, That gave Thee birth, our soul’s delight.
3. Now welcome from Thy heavenly home, Thou to our vale of tears art come; Man hath no offering for Thee, Save the stable, manger, cross and grave.
4. Jesus alas! how can it be, So few bestow a thought on Thee; Or on the love so wondrous great, That drew Thee down to our estate.

5. O draw us wholly to Thee Lord, Do Thou to us Thy grace accord; True faith and love to us impart, That we may hold Thee in our heart.
6. Keep us howe’er the world may lure, In our baptismal covenant pure; That every yearning thought may be, Directed only unto Thee.
7. Until at last we too proclaim, With all Thy Saints Thy Glorious name; In Paradise our songs renew, And praise Thee as the Angels do.
8. We gather round Thee, Jesus dear, So happy in Thy presence here; Grant us, our Saviour, every one, To stand in Heaven before Thy throne.
56 Like The Golden Sun Ascending
(Tune: 25 UV, Jeesus Annost’ Alkavalle)
1. Like the golden sun ascending, Breaking through the gloom of night; On the earth His glory spending, So that darkness takes to flight; Thus my Jesus from the grave, And death’s dismal dreadful cave, Rose triumphant Easter Morning, At the early purple dawning.
2. Thanks to Thee O Christ victorious, Thanks to Thee O Lord of Life; Death hath now no power o’er us, Thou hast conquered in the strife; Thank because Thou didst arise, And hast opened Paradise; None can fully sing the glory, Of the resurrection story.
3. Though I be by sin o’ertaken, Though I lie in helplessness; Though I be by friends forsaken, And must suffer sore distress; Though I be despised contemned, And by all the world condemned; Though the dark grave yawn before me, Yet the light of hope shines o’er me.
4. Thou hast died for my transgression, All my sins on Thee was laid; Thou hast won for me salvation, On the cross my debt was paid; From the grave I shall arise, And shall meet Thee in the skies; Death itself is transitory, I shall lift my head in glory.
5. Grant me grace O blessed Saviour, And Thy Holy Spirit send; That my walk and my behavior, May be pleasing to the end; That I may not fall again, Into death’s grim pit and pain; Whence by grace Thou hast retrieved me, And from which Thou hast relieved me.
6. For the joy Thine advent gave me, For Thy Holy precious Word; For Thy Baptism which doth save me, For Thy blest Communion board; For Thy death the bitter scorn, For Thy resurrection morn; Lord I thank Thee and extol Thee, And in Heaven I shall behold Thee.
57 Hallelujah Let Praises Ring
(Tune: 121 UV, Hallelujah Nyt Soikohon)
1. Hallelujah let praises ring, To God the Father let us bring; Our songs of adoration; To Him thro’ everlasting days, Be worship, honor, pow’r and praise, Whose hand sustains creation; Singing, Ringing, Holy, Holy, God is Holy; Read the story; Of our God the Lord of Glory.

2. Hallelujah let praises ring, Unto the Lamb of God we sing; In whom we are elected; He bought His Church with His own blood, He cleansed her with that blessed flood, And as His Bride selected; Holy, Holy, Is our union, And communion, His befriending; Gives us joy and peace unending.
3. Hallelujah let praises ring, Unto the Holy Ghost we sing; For our regeneration; The saving faith in us He wrought, And us unto the Bridegroom bro’t, Made us His chosen nation; Glory, Glory, Joy eternal, Bliss supernal, There is manna; And an endless glad Hosanna.
4. Hallelujah let praises ring, Unto our Triune God we sing; Blest be His Name for ever; With Angel hosts let us adore, And sing His praises more and more; For all His grace and favor; Singing, Ringing, Holy, Holy, God is Holy, Spread the story; Of our God the Lord of Glory.
58 The Lord, My God, Be Praised
1. The Lord, my God, be praised, My Light, my Life from Heaven; My Maker, who to me Hath soul and body given; My Father, who doth shield And keep me day by day, Doth make each moment yield New blessings on my way.
2. The Lord, my God, be praised, My Trust, my Life from Heaven, the Father’s own dear Son, Whose life for me was given; Who for my sin atoned With His most precious blood, Who giveth me by faith The highest heav’nly good.
3. The Lord, my God, be praised, My Hope, my Life from Heaven, The Spirit, whom the Son In love to me hath given. ‘Tis He revives my heart, ‘Tis He that gives me pow’r, Help, comfort, and support In sorrow’s gloomy hour.
4. The Lord, my God, be praised, My God, who ever liveth, To whom the heavenly host All praise and honor giveth. The Lord, my God, be praised, In whose great name I boast, God Father, God the Son, And God the Holy Ghost.
5. To Him with joyful song Our praises we are bringing And with the angel throng Thrice “Holy” we are singing. With one united voice The Church doth Him adore. The Lord, my God, be praised Now and forevermore.
59 One Day Nearer To My Heavenly Home
1. One day nearer to my Heavenly home; No need then this wilderness to roam; One day nearer;
Nearer God to Thee.
2. Joy bells ringing in my heart today, Jesus Saviour lead me on my way; One day nearer; Nearer God to Thee.
3. Spirit of truth eternally will shine; Saving grace from the true vine divine; One day nearer; Nearer God to Thee.
4. Jesus with me on my journey here; Gladly bear the way to Calvary; One day nearer; Nearer God to Thee.
5. One day nearer wondrous joy will be; Christ in me and I in Him today; One day nearer; Nearer God to Thee.

60 All People That On Earth Do Dwell
(Tune: 97 UV; O Jeesus Kristus Herramme)
1. All people that on earth do dwell, Sing to the Lord with cheerful voice; Him serve with fear, His praise forthtell, Come ye before Him and rejoice.
2. The Lord ye know is God indeed, Without our aid He did us make; We are His folk, He doth us feed, And for His sheep He doth us take.
3. Oh, enter, then, His gates with praise, Approach with joy His courts unto; Praise, laud, and bless His name always, For it is seemly so to do.
4. For why? The Lord, our God, is good, His mercy is forever sure; His truth at all times firmly stood and shall from age to age endure.
5. To Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, The God whom heaven and earth adore; From men and from the angel host be praise and glory evermore.
61 Now Thank We All Our God
1. Now thank we all our God With heart and hands and voices, Who wondrous things hath done, In whom His world rejoices; Who from our mother’s arms Hath blessed us on our way, With countless gifts of love And still is ours today.
2. Oh, may this bounteous God Thro’ all our life be near us, With ever joyful hearts And blessed peace to cheer us And keep us in His grace And guide us when perplexed, And free us from all ills In this world and the next!
3. All praise and thanks to God The Father now be given, The Son, and Him who reigns With them in highest heaven: The one eternal God, Whom earth and heav’n adore! For thus it was, is now, And shall be evermore.
62 How Blest Are They Who Hear God’s Word
1. How blest are they who hear God’s Word And keep and heed what they have heard! They wisdom daily gather; Their light shines brighter day by day, And while they tread life’s weary way, They have the oil of gladness To soothe their pain and sadness.
2. God’s Word a treasure is to me, Thro’ sorrow’s night my sun shall be, The shield of faith in battle. The Father’s hand hath written there my title as His child and heir, “The kingdom’s thine forever.” That promise faileth never.
3. Today I was my Savior’s guest, My soul was here so richly blest, The Bread of Life receiving. Oh, may thereby my faith prevail, So that its fruits shall never fail Till my account is given Before the throne in heaven!

63 Lord, ‘Tis Not That I Did Choose Thee
1. Lord, ‘tis not that I did choose Thee; That, I know, could never be; For this heart would still refuse Thee Had Thy grace not chosen me. Thou hast from the sin that stained me Washed and cleansed and set me free And unto this end ordained me, That I ever live to Thee.
2. ‘Twas Thy grace in Christ that called me, Taught my darkened heart and mind; Else the world had yet enthralled me, To Thy Heav’nly glories blind; Now my heart owns none above Thee, For Thy grace alone I thirst; Knowing well that, if I love Thee, Thou, O Lord, didst love me first.
3. Praise the God of all creation; Praise the Father’s boundless love. Praise the Lamb, our Expiation, Priest and King enthroned above. Praise the Spirit of salvation, Him by whom our spirits live. Undivided adoration To the great Jehovah give.
64 Almighty God, Thy Word Is Cast
1. Almighty God, Thy Word is cast Like seed in to the ground; Now let the dew of heav’n descend And righteous fruits abound.
2. Let not the foe of Christ and man This holy seed remove, But give it root in every heart to bring forth fruits of love.
3. Let not the world’s deceitful cares The rising plant destroy, But let it yield a hundredfold The fruits of peace and joy.
4. Oft as the precious seed is sown, Thy quickening grace bestow That all whose souls the truth receive Its saving power may know.
65 Praise And Thanks We Give Thee
(Trans: 77 UV, Herra Kiitett’ Olkoon, F. Takkunen)
1. Praise and thanks we give Thee, Our Father God; Near and far it echoes, Voice that beautifies; Thanked and glorified be, Guidance of our Lord; From which we are given, Grateful help that saves.
Chorus: Let us praise our Lord the King; He who reigns on judgement day; And ne’er forgets believers.
2. The Lord’s own congregation, In His temple dwells; Wish to thanks and serve Thee, In great humbleness; He abides in highness, Over cherubims; But His eyes are on us, here on earth below.
Chorus:
3. Great is Thine own power, In your throne so high; Vision so much brighter, Than our earthly sun; All the heavenly power, Is under Your domain; Supreme is Your own judgement, All throughout the world. Chorus:
4. Praise ye God the heavens, In accord to God; Angels also praise Him, Fullness of their heart; Waters that are troubled, On this foundation stand; Fallen will be never, But come forth with praise. Chorus:

66 Keep Me In Thy Care O Lord
1. Keep me in Thy care O Lord, Lead me to Thy own accord; In Thy love O Lord above, What we see – in goodness be.
2. Tho’ at times I hardly dare, Trust completely in His care; God above with His great love, Wants my trust – completely be.
3. Lead me Lord above O lead, Lead me as Thou wilt I plead; In Thy way I want to stay, In Thy Word – believe today.
4. Lead me in Thy Word today, Lead me Lord and show the way; Word of love from God above, Precious shield – in faith revealed.
5. God the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Spirit one; Leads me now and ever will, When in faith – believing still.
67 Hallelujah! May It Now Ring
(Trans: 121 UV, Halleluja! Nyt Soikohon, Emma Skarp)
1. Hallelujah! May it now ring, In song of praise, our Heavenly King; In thanks to God eternal; He wisdom and our power is, My thanks and blessings all be His, Our God and our Creator; Holy! Holy! May it ring here, Heaven echo, Hallelujah! Gracious is God, in His mercy.
2. Hallelujah! Now honor be, To Son of God in highest He, Is Lamb of God in Glory; Salvation He has paid in full, his precious blood has now atoned, Us all for God in Heaven; Holy! Holy! May it ring here, Heaven echo, Hallelujah! Gracious is God, in His mercy.
3. Hallelujah! Now joyfully, Gladly I sing my God to Thee, This is my heart’s desire; In faith on Thee we have been blest, Eternal life it is a gift, Thou can keep us from straying; Holy! Holy! May it ring here, Heaven echo, Hallelujah! Gracious is God, in His mercy.
68 In Thine Dear Name Oh Lord We Are
(Trans: 135 UV, Kokoontuneet O Jumala, F. Takkunen)
1. In Thine dear Name, Oh Lord, we are, Assembled altogether; Free from our daily care, we come, Into the Tabernacle; Oh, how serene and comforting, To hear Thine Holy Word today, How sweet Thine Grace and Mercy.
2. A Moment of tranquility, Unequaled joy supreme; The world offers pleasures too, Trying to snare us in them; The joy we know in loving Christ, Beyond comparison rejoice, The world knows not of this Love.
3. In humbleness, Oh Lord, we pray, Grant that our prayers Ye will hear; Thine sweet and Holy Blessed Word, Into our minds reveal it; Enlighten unto us Thine power, In mercy nourish our weak souls, With Thine great Heavenly Blessings.

4. Thine Holy Spirit grant us, Lord, Hence we’re thereby enlightened; In true devotion also, Lord, Open our ears to hear Thee; Thine true Word now declared we hear, This sacred message to receive, Unto our souls salvation.
5. Unto Thee we shall render praise, O Dearest Heavenly Father; To Thee Lord Jesus, surrender we, Our hearts whole-heartedly now; Unto Thine Holy Spirit twine, Our comforter Thou art always, Be praise unto Thee-Amen.
69 Hear Us O God Now In Our Prayer
(Trans: 48 UV, Kuul’ Jumal’ Rukouksemme)
1. Hear us O God now in our prayer, Gift of Thy Spirit grant us; Because in Thee now we do trust, Correctly help us thank Thee; Also your Word in earnest hear, Strengthening of our faith receive, To life in Christ now lead me.
2. Mouths of Thy children open now, To preach of Thy Commandment; And also of Thy Heavenly Truth, To speak without fear, help them; But let it be God as Thy will, By Thy power let them bring forth, And not from us be hidden.
3. Open also, O God our ears, And still our minds enlighten; So that Thy Word we’ll closely hear, And in our hearts we’ll treasure; Correctly that Word understand, Accord to Thy will always live, Doers of The Word become.
70 My Face And Arms Uplifted
(Trans: 17 UV, Mun Silman Kaden Nostan, Otto Hietala)
1. My face and arms uplifted, To Sions Gracious Lord; Where aid is always given, And light so beautiful; For the Lord will lend assistance, As Heaven and Earth He made; He hears our pleadings always, And shelters us He will.
2. He guides our faltering footsteps, Forever present He; Ne’er sleeping or uncaring, But stays forever near; His loving grace protects me, And takes me by the hand; He day and night protects me, With blessed loving care.
3. He mortifies my evil, He died to save my soul; And shines His grace upon me, My burdens He will bear; And if my spirit wanders, With His loving arm He guides; With His grace He’s ever near me, Shelters me from all harm.
71 How Beautiful They Are
(Tune: 14 UV, O Kuinka Ihanat, Jennie Kero)
1. How beautiful they are, Thy Mansions up above; Our Lord of all Creation, My soul’s joy and salvation; Mine eyes do now behold Thee, Thy arms do now enfold me.
2. My tears no longer flow, My heart no hunger knows; Thou comforted and fed me, And now hast gently led me; Up to Thy Glorious Altar, My soul is filled with rapture.
3. As birds that seek their nest, My heart did know no rest; ‘Till Thou did call and find me, To Thee forever bind me; In bonds no power can sever, In Thee I’ll rest forever. Amen.

72 Lord Dismiss Us With Thy Blessing
1. Lord dismiss us with Thy blessing, Fill our hearts with joy and peace; Let us each, Thy love possessing, Triumph in redeeming grace; Oh, refresh us, Oh, refresh us; Travelling through this wilderness.
2. Thanks we give and adoration, For Thy Gospel’s joyful sound; May the fruits of Thy salvation, In our hearts and lives abound; Ever faithful, Ever faithful; To the truth may we be found.
3. So whene’er the signal’s given, Us from earth to call away; Borne on Angel’s wings to Heaven, Glad Thy summons to obey; May we ever, May we ever; Reign with Christ in endless day.
73 Jesus Bears The Crown Of Glory
(Trans: No. 26 UV, Jesus Kunnian Kruunun Kantaa)
1. Jesus bears the crown of Glory, That which once was made of thorns; By His pain and suffering for us, We are in Him, newly-born; Jesus, all my joy, my life, All my treasure, help in strife.
2. Without Jesus all is hopeless, Without mercy, without grace; How my heart would ache without Him, Jesus, helper, pleads my case; In each trial I find Him near, Jesus, treasure, ever dear.
3. Jesus in my heart abiding, Great is joy, my all in all; Oh, how sweet the gospel tiding, Comforts me whate’er befalls; In distress, in sorrow, fear, Jesus, treasure, ever near.
4. Therefore I will always trust Thee, In Thy mercy let me stay; Jesus Christ, be Thou beside me, Fight against the foe, I pray; When death comes, I’ll see Thy face, Jesus, treasure, saving grace.
5. Jesus, fount of mercy, precious, Now through Faith becomes my own; Help me by Thy presence gracious, I am saved by blood alone; I can safely trust in Thee, Jesus, treasure, stay with me.
6. My desire would be to serve Thee, Be Thine own throughout this strife; I will trust Thee, close beside me, Even at the end of life; When death’s angel comes for me, Jesus, treasure, I will see.
7. Jesus mine, fore’er residing, Jesus mine, His mercy stays; Jesus in my heart abiding, Brings me peace through all my days; Jesus praises ever ring, Jesus, treasure, thanks I bring.
74 Jesus, Lord And Precious Saviour
(Trans: UV No. 28, Jeesus, Onnen, Osan’ Oman)
1. Jesus, Lord and precious Saviour, All my comfort and my joy! Graciously extend Thy favor, Let Thy Word my soul employ. Jesus come, abide with me, Let me ever be with Thee.

2. Let my words and thoughts, O Saviour, To Thy praise and glory tend; Help me, Lord, that I may gather, Treasures that shall never end. Jesus, come, abide with me, Let me ever be with Thee.
3. When my days on earth are over, Let me gladly take my rest; May the time come, blessed Saviour, When to Thee it seemeth best. Jesus, come, abide with me, Let me ever be with Thee.
75 Abide With Me! Fast Falls The Even-tide
1. Abide with me! Fast falls the even-tide, The darkness deepens; Lord, with me abide; When other helpers fail, and comforts flee, Help of the helpless, oh, abide with me.
2. Swift to its close ebbs out life’s little day, Earth’s joys grow dim, its glories pass away; Change and decay in all around I see, O Thou who changest not, abide with me.
3. I need Thy presence every passing hour, What but Thy grace can foil the tempter’s power? Who like Thyself my guide and stay can be? Through cloud and sunshine, oh, abide with me.
4. I fear no foe, with Thee at hand to bless, Ills have no weight, and tears no bitterness; Where is death’s sting? Where, grave, thy victory? I triumph still, if Thou abide with me.
5. Hold Thou Thy cross before my closing eyes, Shine through the gloom, and point me to the skies; Heaven’s morning breaks, and earth’s vain shadows flee, In life, in death, O Lord, abide with me.
76 Brightly Beams Our Father’s Mercy
1. Brightly beams our Father’s mercy, From His light-house ever more; But to us He gives the keeping, Of the lights, along the shore.
Chorus: Let the lower lights be burning, Send a gleam across the wave; Some poor fainting struggling seaman, You may rescue, you may save.
2. Dark the night of sin has settled, Loud the angry billows roar; Eager eyes are watching, longing, For the lights along the shore. Chorus:
3. Trim your feeble lamp, my brother, Some poor sailor, tempest toss’d; Trying now to make the harbor, In the darkness may be lost. Chorus:
77 This Is Our Easter Jubilee
(Tune: O Holy Blessed Trinity #38)
1. This is our Easter Jubilee, Praise Jesus, who triumphantly; Was victor in the awesome strife, To bring us out of death to life.

2. That tree of knowledge, Eden’s fate, Of which the Bible does relate; Did bear the bitter fruit of death, Of which all mankind suffereth.
3. But now the fruit most dear to us, Is on the cross, raised up for us; The blood which flowed there cleansed us all, And took away death’s bitter gall.
4. Now death and sin and Satan too, Have lost their power over you; The age of slavery past and done, Eternal freedom has begun.
5. Oh, Jesus Christ, Thou art for us, The Easter Lamb, most glorious; For with Thy blood we’re marked as freed, Our soul’s tranquility decreed.
6. Oh matchless sacrifice for us, Because the serpents head you crushed; Now death and hell no more hold sway, You opened Heavens door this day.
7. Thou rose from death, from deep within, Our spirits, too, arose from sin; So help us, Lord, that we may wake, In Paradise of Life partake.
8. Then on that last and glorious day, From out the dust we’re called away; Our souls will then united be, In everlasting Jubilee.
9. Now praises, Jesus unto thee, From awesome death thou set us free; Praises to God the Father, Son, And Holy Spirit, Three in One.
78 I Know A Flower Indeed Most Fair
(Trans: 44 UV, Kyll’ Kauniin Tiedän Kukkaisen)
1. I know a flower indeed most fair, A flower indeed most precious; And ever over all the rest, it blooms the best; And is my dearest treasure.
2. This flower in truth is God’s Own Word, His Holy message given; It shines down here for all to see, and constantly; It renders Light of Heaven.
3. Christ is the road and door as well, For all who are repentant; Who put away their lives of sin, are healed by Him; By this is Mercy given.
4. He speaks, Oh, come to me, here now, All sinners to my bosom; And I will give your souls such Peace, a sweet release; So in your sins you die not.
5. For all the world, He suffered death, Bore agony enormous; He made Himself the sacrifice, most painful price; And opened for us Heaven.
6. By His Own Word, He gives us Light, By sacraments so precious; And strengthens ever our weak Faith, good care does take; Then into joy transports us.
7. We pray to Thee, Oh Jesus Christ, Thy presence, Oh be near us; To save us yet from sorrow’s sting, and ever bring; Thy comfort to sustain us.
8. By Thine Own Word, We are Thine Own, Thy children, heirs of Heaven; God’s Word proclaims He knows us here, as brothers dear; Oh Jesus Christ, Say Amen.

79 Trans: Hymn 56 UV, vs. 12 and 13 
Jesus
1. Recall my anguish, death and suffering, Which for your sake here I bore; While dying for you on the cross, Therefore making full atonement; All your debts I fully paid, Earned the Fathers’ Grace that day.
Sinner
2. With joy, dear Jesus, I do thank Thee, Because of Thy comforting love; Singing with a spiritual mind, As sin does no longer bind me; Thank Thee Father, Oh my soul, Everything is now fulfilled.
80 How Sweet The Name Of Jesus Sounds
1. How sweet the Name of Jesus sounds, In a believer’s ear! It soothes his sorrows, heals his wounds, And drives away his fear.
2. It makes the wounded spirit whole, And calms the troubled breast; ‘Tis manna to the hungry soul, And to the weary, rest.
3. Dear Name! The Rock on which I build, My Shield and hiding place; My never failing Treasury, filled, With boundless stores of Grace.
4. By Thee my prayers acceptance gain, Although with sin defiled; Satan accuses me in vain, And I am owned, a Child.
5. Jesus, my Shepherd, Guardian, Friend, My Prophet, Priest and King; My Lord, my Life, my Way, my End, Accept the praise I bring.
6. Weak is the effort of my heart, And cold my warmest thought; But when I see Thee as Thou art, I’ll praise Thee as I ought.
7. Till then, I would Thy Love proclaim, With every fleeting breath; And may the music of Thy Name, Refresh my soul in death!
81 Oh How The Little Heavenly Kingdom
1. Oh how the little Heavenly Kingdom, Is cheap in many people’s eyes; They spend their time in worldly pleasures, And to satisfy their lust; And all the chores of this world too, The Father in Heaven forgotten too.
2. There are doings all prepared for, In Heaven’s hall, so beautiful; And Heavenly fruit is also stored there, By Jesus Christ, our Saviour Lord; Would think that everyone would come, To meetings of our very best friend.
3. But, many have all kinds excuses, Some want to see their fields again; For some, the excuse is their wife too, Some have to care for all their steers; And all they do is rush around, Seems like no one has time to come.

4. Be very careful, very careful, So you will not have any regrets; Not it’s offered, you all get it, Tomorrow could just be too late; The doors could then be all locked up, the ones outside would be left out.
5. Their knocking will all go for nothing, The door will not open any more; Even their praying and their crying, The answer will be given then; You did not come in time of Grace, In Heaven, you will have no place.
6. Oh Jesus, help to remember always, Your great Communion Services; The world from mind will be forgotten, And we will hear your calling too; And we will ready, be on time, Before the door is bolted down.
82 Though Soon I Shall Depart From Here (Trans: 144 UV, Mä että täältä erkanen)
1. Though soon I shall depart from here, I’ll deem it as my Vict’ry! Since joy, my Jesus, evermore, Your presence then will grant me; Also, my body which decays, Will spring to life again one day, Just as a seed to newness.
2. I’ll lay aside this mortal frame, And this whole sinful garment, And then be clad in blessedness, In perfect shining raiment; The Crown of Life I shall receive, Which Jesus by His love for me, Prepared in His perfection.
3. I’ll reach that blessed shore serene, Away from raging tempest! From tribulations of this earth, Into His holy presence; Released from every care at last, From darkness into light divine, From sorrow into gladness!
83 Rejoice My Soul
(Trans: 50 UV, Iloitse Sielun’ Herrassa)
1. Rejoice, my soul, within the Lord, and rest in His protection; His aid is there, He will accord, His help through all affliction; We cannot always travel here, upon a path of roses; But those who firmly trust the Lord will triumph o’er all sorrow.
2. Thus Joseph, Job and David too, Had found this truth unchanging; Although in agony and rue, they suffered tribulations; Yet in God’s time, which was most blest, the Lord came down to help them; For those who firmly trust the Lord, the world cannot undo them.
3. This world cannot entice me from, my Lord! I trust completely; Nor to the devil’s wiles succumb, To fall away from mercy; The Lord will ever help His own, His praise is heard forever; For those who firmly trust the Lord, His aid is promised ever.
4. Our enemy, by lies and scorn, Could thus attempt to conquer; He ahs forsaken our dear Lord, but we will not bow under; The Lord is our protection sure, He is our joy perfected; And those who firmly trust in Him, Will always be uplifted.

5. Although at times it may appear That I have been forsaken; And often times I’m filled with fear, By evil looks am shaken; I still can know God’s help is sure, And in His time will aid me; For those who firmly trust the Lord, will not in trials perish.
6. So therefore, soul of mine, rejoice! No harm can here befall thee; Against all evil, lift your voice, And God will still support thee; Since Jesus has destroyed the power, Of Satan’s evil forces; Then those who firmly trust the Lord, Will always aid be given.
7. We cannot scorn the Lord above, We are His own election; When all our hope is placed on Him, We trust in His correction; The faith and hope do here abide, And sorrow turns to gladness; By placing all our trust in Him, His mercy never changes.
8. How wretched is the person who Trusts in these earthly pleasures; Who scorn the gracious Saviour too, He into shame will stumble; For God is still our blessed help, Lord Jesus is our Saviour; Those who believe are sanctified, And live in safety. Amen.
84 Though Soon I Shall Depart (Trans: Mä Että Täältä Erkane)
1. Though soon I shall depart from here, I’ll deem it as my Vict’ry! Since joy, my Jesus, evermore, Your presence then will grant me; Also, my body which decays, Will spring to life again one day, Just as a seed to newness.
2. I’ll lay aside this mortal frame, And this whole sinful garment, And then be clad in blessedness, In perfect shining raiment; The Crown of Life I shall receive, Which Jesus by His love for me, Prepared in His perfection.
3. I’ll reach that blessed shore serene, Away from raging tempest! From tribulations of this earth, Into His holy presence; Released from every care at last, From darkness into light divine, From sorrow into gladness!
85 Oh Great And Perfect God
(Trans: Hymn No. 75, O Hyvä Jumala, Verses 1 and 2)
1. Oh great and perfect God, From whom all goodness follows; Thou carest for my soul, And hearest earnest prayer; Be near me all my life, Give me a heart that’s pure; Help me avoid all sin, And grant the faith that’s true.
2. Allow me faithfully, Thy duties to perform here; That upright I may live, and prosper in Thy deeds; Father, mercy grant, That I may follow Thee; To do Thy work with joy, and ever honor Thee!

86 Oh Lord, Our High And Holy Shepherd
(Trans: Hymn No. 139, Oh Herra Laumas Ylipaimen)
1. Oh Lord, our high and holy shepherd, Thou gave us strength to preach Thy Word; Grant also that we keep it ever, Within our souls to flourish, grow; To bear the fruit of blessedness, A hundred-fold, in humbleness.
2. And may we ever on this journey, Guard in our hearts with all Thy strength; Thy given Word that’s pure and holy, To love throughout eternity. Its light will guide our path aright, As all our ways and works are Thine.
3. When stress of life, so brief, so fleeting, Nears to its evening shade of rest; That moment soon shall overtake us, When time of grace is ended, gone; So let us hearken to Thy Word, And by its promise have Thy joy!
87 O Jesus, Dearest Lord Divine
(Trans: Hymn No. 149, O Jesus Sulo Suloinen)
1. O Jesus, dearest Lord divine, My heart’s sweet joy, forever mine; My soul’s pure cleansing, holy, true, The spring of faith that’s ever new.
2. No name on earth, no name on high, Can be compared to that of Thine; Its greatness has been given us, For blessedness that’s glorious.
3. Oh Jesus, my enlightenment, My heart’s pure joy and nourishment; Thou givest strength for all Thy deeds, Fulfilling all our earthly needs.
4. All those who once have found Thy worth, Care not for pleasures of this earth; Whoever once has known Thy love, Will crave to be with Thee above.
5. That love will never fail, its might, Even in death will give us light; And ever brighter it will glow, in sweetest cheer to fill our souls.
6. Oh Jesus, all our lifetime’s cheer, With mercy live among us here! And feed our souls with Thy delight, In everlasting love abide.
88 All My Trust Is In Thee
(Trans: Hymn No. 61, Niin On Minun Turvan Sinun, Verses 8, 9 and 10)
1. All my trust is in Thee solely, In Thy wounds, dear Jesus, holy! Even through all trial, And through tribulation, My refuge is within them.
2. Though I faint in soul and body, Thy promises still are certain, That a blessed ending, Forevermore unending, In joy I’ll find beside Thee.
3. All my trust is in Thee solely; Father, Son and Spirit Holy! Hear my supplication, Grant my blest salvation, I humbly beg Thee. Amen.

89 Then Lord, How To Repay
(Trans: Finnish Hymn No. 16, O Herra! Ilo Suuri, Verses 10, 11 and 12)
1. Then, Lord, How to repay Thee, For Thy Mercy, Blessedness; No strength have I to live, A righteous life for Thee.
2. With joy, I accept this cup, That you present to me; Your name I will proclaim, And thanksgiving unto Thee.
3. To serve you, Lord, forever, For severing my bonds; And yet a gift you give me, Of mercy, and eternal life.
