1 Oh How Lovely Is The Bride
(tune: 244 UL, O Kuinka Kaunis Ja Ihana)
1. Oh how lovely is the Bride, Born of God never to die; In a beautiful gown so rare, Only the Angels here can wear.
2. The wise men think it’s a mystery, They have eyes but cannot see; A Christmas tree from Heaven’s lot, Without blemish without spot.
3. In a little town of Bethlehem, My Christmas gift was tucked away; In a lowly manger there, The Inns were crowded no one cared.
4. God the Father placed Him there, He was in His Mother’s care; The Angles told the shepherds so, You’ll find Him in swaddling clothes.
5. How many blessings did he bring? Oh that’s more than I can sing; Wisdom, redemption, salvation, Sanctification righteousness.
6. Blessed children come to rest, Near the Mother’s loving breast; Lift your eyes and you can see, A slaughtered Lamb on Calvary.
7. He sacrificed His life for sin, So that you and I can live; He came to be our daily bread, By His blood we are all fed.
8. In His Kingdom He now reigns, Foundation is one great name; The name of Jesus written there, In the skies and everywhere.
9. That is the place where all have gone, Who obeyed and loved the Lord; It is the city for the free, With a living Christmas tree.
10. There the lame can walk and the dumb can talk, The blind can see the builder’s rock; On that rock we gather then, To sing our praises and Amen.
11. God help me to keep my faith, Float my ark here on His grace; The flood of blood will carry me, Up to the Mount of the Olive Tree.
12. Praise the Lord and sing to Him, Soon the wedding bells will ring; When the sin’s last atom falls, We can wait for the Shepherd’s call.
13. When our God will shake this land, We will hear the Heaven’s band; So let’s stand fast on the rock ‘till then, Hallelujah and Amen.
2 My Journey On This Earth Is Through (tune: 200 UL, Kohta Lappu Matkani)
1. My journey on this earth is through, There’s nothing more I need to do; I’ll leave this world and all that’s here, And God will wipe away my tears.
2. Often on my road to life, I’m frightened by the dark of night; I travel on so wearily, When the light of God is dimmed to me.

3. But when the warmer breezes blow, I see the Light and the clouds all go; When Father brightens up the skies, I see the promised land that’s mine.
4. Soon I can go to Heaven too, I’ll see my Jesus I’ll kiss His wounds; He suffered death on Calvary, He did it just for you and me.
5. He gave His blood and life for me, He paid my debts He set me free; Now I am a child of God, Bride of the Lamb that’s glorified.
6. I can rest in my Master’s arms, Like a dove that did no harm; He will keep me and comfort me, He’ll care for me most tenderly.
7. I can join the Angel’s then, And sing a song of praises there; My melodies will never change, My tongue will feel no sting nor shame.
8. My song is seldom heard on earth, My tongue is tied to me by birth; But when my tongue is free again, I’ll sing my song much clearer then.
9. Now brothers and my sisters too, Soon I will part from all of you; God bless you all and give you peace, In Jesus name farewell to thee.
10. In the arms of our good Shepherd we, Can always rest so peacefully; For Jesus is the way of life, He’ll take us home to Paradise.
3 Now Of The Blood Of My Jesus I Sing
(tune: 137 UL, Nyt Laulan Veresta Jeesuksesta)
1. Now of the blood of my Jesus I sing, He has betrothed me in glory to Him; For Him I’ll live and for Him I’ll die, Until the end I will be His bride.
2. In his blood there is power for me, It is my life and my light and blessing; There’s nothing more here that I should have, Only to go to the promised land.
3. By faith my sins are forgiven always, I have no burdens I know no bondage; His wounds are open for you and me, In them I’ll hide from the storm and wind.
4. Of all the names that I now can speak of, The sweetest name of them all is Jesus; That name protects me in all my wars, It is a Name that knows death no more.
5. My shield of faith in my heart I carry, Ring on my finger I proudly cherish; I know I am now a child of God, And an heir to a home above.
6. Although I’m greatest of all the sinners, The blood of Jesus is my Redeemer; And all the treasures my soul will need, Is in His blood that was shed for me.
7. With a tongue that will die of weary, I cannot speak of my Jesus clearly; But then in Heaven at my new home, I will sing I will praise and adore.

8. When I can go to my home in Heaven, To be loved and adored forever; All my cares and my sorrows too, I’ll leave behind in my earthly tomb.
9. When death’s valley is left behind me, I hear the music of Angels singing; Like the birds in a summer land, I hear them singing a song so glad.
10. And while I wait for the blessed morning, I sing with joy and I sing of glory; Each step I take as I move along, Takes me nearer the peaceful shore.
4 Jesus Is The Way To My Father’s Home
1. Jesus is the way to my Father’s Home, Jesus is the way to my Father’s Home, Jesus is the way to my Father’s Home; Where there’s joy, joy, joy.
2. He is the only way to my Father’s Home, He is the only way to my Father’s Home, He is the only way to my Father’s Home; Where there’s joy, joy, joy.
3. There is everlasting life in my Father’s Home, There is everlasting life in my Father’s Home, There is everlasting life in my Father’s Home; Where there’s joy, joy, joy.
4. Oh won’t you come with me to my Father’s Home, Oh won’t you come with me to my Father’s Home, Oh won’t you come with me to my Father’s Home; Where there’s joy, joy, joy.
5. We will all be there in my Father’s Home, We will all be there in my Father’s Home, We will all be there in my Father’s Home; Where there’s joy, joy, joy.
5 From All Distress I’m Free
(tune: 53 UL, On Vapaa Hadastan)
1. From all distress I’m free, Jesus is mine; He died in loving me, Jesus is mine; If you should doubt my word, Just ask the kindly Lord; From Him I’m sure you’ll hear, His blood has made me pure.
2. He won in death’s hard fight, Jesus is mine; My soul like snow is white, Jesus is mine; It’s true as true can be, He’s our security; Of Christ I am a part, To Heaven yearns my heart.
3. I cannot always know, Jesus is mine; But still ‘tis ever so Jesus is mine; My sins weighed down on me, I turned me to the tree; And heard a gentle voice, “Be glad my child rejoice.”
4. In joy and earthly strife, Jesus is mine; In death as well as life, Jesus is mine; If friends should me forget, I’ll have my Saviour yet; He whispers tenderly, “Your sins forgotten be.”
5. When death has stilled my heart, Jesus is mine; And grave demands it’s part, Jesus is mine; I know his strong firm hand, He broke death’s iron band; No longer need I be, In dark eternally.
6. When trumpet sounds the call, Jesus is mine; My thanks will join with all, Jesus is mine; When with the saints I am, Praising the pure with Lamb; I’ll sing before the throne, Jesus my very own.

6 A Child Who Will Journey In Precious Faith (tune: 198 UL, Se Lapsi Joka Uskossa Matkailee)
1. A child who will journey in precious faith, On this land of sorrow and sin; Where winds often blow and the tempest rage, ‘Till the sun will be shining again; You’re protected in midst of the storm and gale, In the bosom of Jesus when darkness Him veil: :
2. To His power and might there’s no equal to be found, His infinite mercy behold; His wonderful love will ever be sound, He has proved in redeeming your soul; For His child He has bought you Him now to adore, Then rejoice there in Heaven with Him evermore: :
3. Here the tempter will torment and press you soul, Yet corruption your mind often bore; By faith overcome we when billows will roll, ‘Till faith and hope is needed no more; He was tempted here also for a sinner’s sake, but a sinner was crowned with His mercy and grace: :
4. Now the sin of the world is paid in full, All our debt is wiped out on His cross; Now the Heavenly Gates have been opened to all, what a joy for a child that was lost; When the law is fulfilled in His body complete, And sins all forgiven in mercy so sweet: :
5. Now praises oh Jesus for Thy toil and pain, Thy blood and Thy death for my sin; Thy victory my peace now forever remain, Thy wounds I am resting within; My praises on earth here so faintly I sing, But in Heaven my praises forever will ring: :
7 When My Life Work Is Ended
(tune: 162 UL, Kun On Markani Maara Kayty)
1. When my life work is ended and I cross the swelling tide, When the bright and glorious morning I shall see; I shall know my Redeemer when I reach the other side, And his smile will be the first to welcome me.
Chorus: I shall know Him, I shall know Him, As redeemed by his side I shall stand; I shall know Him, I shall know Him, By the prints of the nails in His hands.
2. Oh the soul-thrilling rapture when I view His blessed face, And the luster of His kindly beaming eyes; How my full heart will praise Him for the mercy love and grace, That prepares for me a mansion in the sky. Chorus:
3. Oh the dear ones in glory how they beckon me to come, Oh the parting at the river I recall; To the sweet vales of Eden they will sing my welcome home, But I long to meet my Saviour first of all. Chorus:
4. Through the gates to the city in a robe of spotless white, He will lead me where no tears shall ever fall; In the glad song of ages I shall mingle with delight, but I long to meet my Saviour first of all. Chorus:

8 Jesus I Am Coming Home To Stay
1. Jesus I am coming home to stay, For I have found there’s joy in Thee alone; From the path of sin I turned away, Now I am coming home.
Chorus: Jesus I am coming home to stay; Never never more from Thee to stray; Oh Lord I now accept thy precious promise; I am coming home.
2. Many years my heart had strayed from Thee, And now repented to Thy throne I come; Jesus opened up the way for me, Now I am coming home. Chorus:
3. O the misery my sins had caused me, Naught but pain and sorrow have I known; Now I seek Thy saving grace and mercy, I am coming home. Chorus:
4. Fully trusting in Thy precious promise, With no righteousness to call my own; Pleading nothing but the blood of Jesus, I am coming home. Chorus:
5. Now I seek the cross where Jesus died, For all my sins His blood will still atone; Flowing o’er ‘till every stain is covered, I am coming home. Chorus:
9 What A Friend We Have In Jesus
1. What a friend we have in Jesus, All our sins and grief’s to bear; What a privilege to carry, Ev’rything to God in prayer; Oh what peace we often forfeit, Oh what needless pain we bear; All because we do not carry, Everything to God in prayer.
2. Have we trials and temptations, Is there trouble anywhere? We should never be discouraged, Take it to the Lord in prayer; Can we find a friend so faithful, Who will all our sorrows share? Jesus knows our every weakness, Take it to the Lord in prayer.
3. Are we weak and heavy laden, Cumbered with a load of care, Precious Saviour still our refuge, Take it to the Lord in prayer; Do thy friends despise forsake thee? Take it to the Lord in prayer; In His arms He’ll take and shield thee, Thou wilt find a solace there.
10 Take The Name Of Jesus With You
1. Take the Name of Jesus with you, Child of sorrow and of woe; It will joy and comfort give you, Take it then wher’er you go.
Chorus: Precious Name oh how sweet, Hope of earth and joy of Heaven; Precious Name oh how sweet, Hope of earth and joy of Heaven.
2. Take the Name of Jesus ever, As a shield from every snare; If temptations ‘round you gather, Breathe that Holy Name in prayer. Chorus:
3. At the Name of Jesus bowing, Falling prostrate at His feet; King of kings In Heaven we’ll crown Him, When our journey is complete. Chorus:

4. O the precious name of Jesus! How it thrills our souls with joy; When His loving arms receive us, And His songs our tongues employ! Chorus:
11 Pass Me Not O Gentle Saviour
1. Pass me not O gentle Saviour, Hear my humble cry; While on others thou art calling, Do not pass me by; Saviour, Saviour, Hear my humble cry; While on others Thou art calling, Do not pass me by.
2. Let me at Thy throne of mercy, Find a sweet relief; Kneeling there in deep contrition, Help my unbelief; Saviour, Saviour, Hear my humble cry; While on others Thou art calling, Do not pass me by.
3. Trusting only in Thy merit, Would I seek Thy face; Heal my wounded broken spirit, Save me by Thy grace; Saviour, Saviour, Hear my humble cry; While on others Thou art calling, Do not pass me by.
4. Thou the spring of all my comfort, More than life to me; Whom have I on earth beside Thee? Whom in Heaven but Thee? Saviour, Saviour, Hear my humble cry; While on others Thou art calling, Do not pass me by.
12 When He Cometh When He Cometh
1. When He cometh, When He cometh, To make up His jewels, All His jewels precious jewels, His loved and His own.
Chorus: Like the stars of the morning, His bright crown adorning, They shall shine in their beauty, Bright gems for his crown.
2. He will gather, he will gather, The gems for his kingdom, All the pure ones, All the bright ones, His loved and His own. Chorus:
3. Little children, Little children, Who love their redeemer, Are the jewels precious jewels, His loved and His own. Chorus:
13 Safe In The Arms Of Jesus
1. Safe in the arms of Jesus, Safe on His gentle breast; There by His love o’ershaded, Sweetly my soul shall rest, Hark ‘tis the voice of Angels, Born in a song to me, Over the fields of glory, Over the jasper sea;
Chorus: Safe in the arms of Jesus, Safe on His gentle breast; There by His love o’ershaded, Sweetly my soul shall rest.
2. Safe in the arms of Jesus, Safe from corroding care, Safe from the world’s temptations, Sin cannot harm me there; Free from the blight of sorrow, Free from my doubts and fears, Only a few more trials, Only a few more tears; Chorus:

3. Jesus my heart’s dear refuge, Jesus has died for me, Firm on the Rock of Ages, Ever my trust shall be; Here let me wait in patience, Wait ‘till the night is o’er, Wait ‘till I see the morning, Break on the golden shore. Chorus:
14 Jesus Loves Me
(Finnish Trans: 202 UL, Jeesus Mua Rakasta)
1. Jesus loves me this I know, For the Bible tells me so; Little ones to Him belong, They are weak but He is strong.
Chorus: Yes, Jesus loves me, Yes, Jesus loves me; Yes, Jesus loves me; The Bible tells me so.
2. Jesus from His throne on high, Came into this world to die; That I might from sin be free, Bled and died upon the tree. Chorus:
3. Jesus loves me He who died, Heaven’s gate to open wide; He will wash away my sin, Let His little child come in. Chorus:
4. Jesus loves me, loves me still, Tho’ I’m very weak and ill, From His shining throne on high, Comes to watch me where I lie. Chorus:
5. Jesus loves me, He will stay Close beside me all the way; If I love Him when I die, He will take me home on high. Chorus:
15 Abide In Grace Lord Jesus
(tune: 16 UL, O Kuinka Ihanata On)
1. Abide in grace Lord Jesus, Among us constantly; Lest Satan’s art deceive us, And gain the victory.
2. Abide Lord with the story, Of Thy redeeming love; May we the gospel’s glory, And saving virtue prove.
3. Abide our pathway brighten, With Thy celestial ray; Blest light our souls enlighten, Show us the truth the way.
4. Abide with us in blessing, Lord of the earth and sky, Rich grace and strength possessing, Do Thou our needs supply.
5. Abide our only safety, Thy people’s sure defense; No power can withstand Thee, Divine Omnipotence.
6. Abide among us ever, Lord with Thy faithfulness; Jesus forsake us never, Help us in all distress.

16 The Children Of God
(tune: 246 UL, Jumalan Lapsi Siunattu)
1. The children of God though scattered around, Are waiting to hear the bugle sound; Marching in faith like soldiers in war, Life everlasting is their reward.
2. Why should we doubt the outcome of war, The fortress of God is an open door; If we are wounded we run in, And there we can hear the good tidings.
3. The war has been won and peace declared, Crushed is forever the serpent’s head; Lift up your eyes and you will see, Who won the battle for you and me.
4. Only a royal priesthood can see, Where stands the light of victory; Many are searching but they can’t see, A candle of hope on Calvary.
5. Those who are toiling to pay for their sins, Are wondering when our work begins; They never seem to understand, That our finished work is at God’s right hand.
6. If we should stumble or even fall, The love of Jesus can lift us all; From this land of tears and blood, We will arise to live with God.
7. A great coronation soon will start, Thank God forever it never stops; In the Kingdom of God above, Made for the children to live in love.
8. When we are gathered to meet our Lord, Surely we’ll sing a beautiful song; We’ll sing praises in voices clear, To God’s little infant so sweet and dear.
17 Rock Of Ages Cleft For Me
1. Rock of Ages cleft for me, Let me hide myself in Thee; Let the water and the blood, From Thy wounded side which flowed; Be of sin the double cure, Save me Lord and make me pure.
2. Not the labor of my hands, Can fulfill the laws demands; Could the zeal no respite know, Could my tears forever flow; All for sin could not atone, Thou must save and Thou alone.
3. Nothing in my hand I bring, Simply to Thy cross I cling; Naked come to Thee for dress, Helpless look to Thee for grace; Vile I to the fountain fly, Wash me Saviour or I die.
4. While I draw this fleeting breath, When my eyelids close in death; When I soar to worlds unknown, See Thee on Thy judgment throne; Rock of Ages cleft for me, Let me hide myself in Thee.
18 Nearer My God To Thee
(Finnish Trans: 189 UL, Sua Kohti Herrani)
1. Nearer my God to Thee, Nearer to Thee, E’en though it be a cross, That raiseth me; Still all my song shall be; Nearer my God to Thee; Nearer my God to Thee, Nearer to Thee.

2. Though like a wanderer, The sun gone down; Darkness be over me, My rest a stone; Yet in my dreams I’d be; Nearer my God to Thee; Nearer my God to Thee, Nearer to Thee.
3. There let the way appear, Steps unto Heav’n; All that Thou sendest me, In mercy giv’n; Angels to beckon me, Nearer my God to Thee; Nearer my God to Thee, Nearer to Thee.
4. Then with my waking tho’ts, Bright with Thy praise; Or of my stony griefs, Bethel I’ll raise; So by my woes to be; Nearer my God to Thee; Nearer my God to Thee, Nearer to Thee.
5. Or if on joyfull wing. Cleaving the sky; Sun, moon and stars forgot, Upwards I’ll fly; Still all my song shall be; Nearer my God to Thee; Nearer my God to Thee, Nearer to Thee.
19 Beloved Jesus I Am Coming Soon
(trans: 113 UL, Oi Jeesus Rakas Million)
1. Beloved Jesus I am coming soon, This world is strange I long to be with you; I’m tired worn here I can find no rest; ‘Till with you there I’ll be forever blest.
2. It would be better I have often thought, Relief from burden’s I have often sought; But not as long as I am here on earth, I’ll have my cares and worries as a cross.
3. In sin I find myself befallen here, That’s why the Lord gives me a cross to bear; Although distress renewed is day by day, Greater is grace abounding in God’s way.
4. Here I am wandering in a lonely land, Please Jesus lead me take me by the hand; You must guide me lest I should fall astray, Oh take me home to Heaven there to stay.
5. Brightly as Jesus I will some day shine, And God’s great Kingdom then will all be mine; However if the crown I want to wear, Here on this earth the cross I’ll have to bear.
6. Oh home where no more wounds of pain I hold, I’ll march in triumph on the streets of gold; Oh joyful song resounding there for me, Hallelujah I’ll sing eternally.
7. Praises to God this grief will have its end, God’s children have the peace that God did send; Oh brother one more moment here contend, Eternal rest at home will have begun.
8. So waiting now in the Lord I’m satisfied, In life and death I am His honored Bride; If day of sorrow seems unending here, One day will end the struggles and the fear.
9. Oh blessed day when I will see my God, Oh joyful morn’ when I receive the call; From earthy struggles to the home arrive, Forever with my blessed Lord abide.
20 This Is What The Word Declares
(trans: 131 UL, Niinpa Se Sana Todistaa)
1. This is what the Word declares, I now am going home, My Lord no longer will delay, but will receive me home; And there I can forever see, What I have here believed, And for the Glory of my Lord, A blessed drink receive; Home, Home, Oh my beautiful home, There is no place on earth so dear, As my beautiful Home.

2. In the land of Zion where Jesus dwells, My dear beloved Lord, Who for my sake has suffered death, And all my debts has paid; If earth were all as glorious, As the plains of Sharon are, Still with my Lord I’d want to be, And forever live with Him; Home, Home, Oh my beautiful home, There is no place on earth so dear, As my beautiful Home.
3. Soon my songs here will be heard no more, On this earth that will not stand; For the spark of faith has now been lit, For everlasting life; Soon the carriage from Heaven arrives, To gather the children all, To enter our eternal home, To dwell forevermore; Home, Home, Oh my beautiful home, There is no place on earth so dear, As my beautiful Home.
21 To Children Who Belong To God (tune: Taivaassa On Mun Koti Ihana)
1. To children who belong to God, Their home in Heaven waiting there; ‘Tis there His children yearn to go, And be released from care; To that lovely summerland, To rejoice eternally; Oh how lovely, In Heaven is my home; Oh how lovely, In Heaven is my home.
2. Here to wait for a little while, For the gentle call of Jesus; All sorrows and my troubles too, In this earthly tomb I’ll leave; No more to battle, For the Living Word of God; Oh how lovely, In Heaven is my home; Oh how lovely, In Heaven is my home.
3. By faith and in hope, We travel on this narrow road; His blood has washed our sins away, And cleansed us pure and white; And then in Heaven, We’ll rejoice eternally; Oh how lovely, In Heaven is my home; Oh how lovely, In Heaven is my home.
4. Oh how indeed with Angels then, Hallelujah we’ll sing; From faith we have gone to eternal victory, There we shall thank Him, And carol praises evermore; Oh how lovely, In Heaven is my home; Oh how lovely, In Heaven is my home.
5. That day will be a joyful one, When Jesus comes to take us home; At last we’ll meet each other there, Rejoicing evermore; We’ll never grow weary there, Oh singing praises to our Lord; Oh how lovely, In Heaven is my home; Oh how lovely, In Heaven is my home.
22 I Am So Glad That Our Father In Heaven
1. I am so glad that our Father in Heaven, Tells of His Love in a book He has given; Wonderful things in the Bible I see, This is the dearest that Jesus loves me.
Chorus: I am so glad that Jesus loves me, Jesus loves me, Jesus loves me; I am so glad that Jesus loves me, Jesus loves even me.
2. I am so glad that when I go home, We never need part or be ever alone; All of the jewels will be gathered above, Children rejoicing in their Father’s Love. Chorus:
3. Listen little children to our Father’s voice, Telling of His Love, Now sing and rejoice; Think how this wonderful Love came to be, Oh I’m so glad that He loved even me. Chorus:

4. He’ll take me home and I’m safe on His arm, And in this wide world I’ll come to no harm; The way is so long but a pathway I see, Believing that Jesus will always love me. Chorus:
5. He will not love me just for today, He’ll love me tomorrow and day after day; Jesus will ever be faithful and true, When life here is ended He’ll carry me through. Chorus:
6. I am so glad that our loved ones will be, In that fair mansion that’s waiting for me; There will not be any parting or fears, Jesus will quiet our sorrows and fears. Chorus:
7. Jesus is mine and always will be, Until up in Glory His face I shall see; Trials and burdens will all be laid down, Then shall our cross be exchanged for a crown. Chorus:
8. How we will thank Him in our home above, We’ll sing of our victory and our Saviour’s Love; This will our song in eternity be, I am so glad Jesus loved even me. Chorus:
23 Oh Jesus Dear Thy Precious Love (trans: 151 UL, Sun Jeesus Rakkautesi)
1. Oh Jesus dear Thy precious Love, to Heaven carried me, ‘Twas through Thy purifying blood to God accepted be; What blessedness when I arrived, Among the Holy Throng; And joined with choir of Angels here, In everlasting song.
2. Thy precious Name my Jesus dear, I weakly there confessed; Thou didn’t reproach my many faults, Remembered me as dust; My soul is so enlightened now, Rejoices here in Heaven; Since lowly bride of Jesus dear, Has been released from pain.
3. Oh how lovely I am now in Heaven’s mighty throng, Since Jesus’ righteousness is my garment so purified; Not even Satan’s many wiles, Annoy me anymore; When on Thy breast my Jesus dear I rest forevermore.
24 My Living Father Taught Me Right
1. My living Father taught me right, To look upon the living light; So that I shall live with Him, And always have a song to sing.
Chorus: Thank Jesus thank Thee, Thank Jesus thank Thee, Thank Jesus thank Thee, For all the good you have done for me.
2. For Jesus took away my sin, So my soul is free to sing; Just because He loved me so, And that is all I need to know. Chorus:
3. Jesus is my spiritual sense, Jesus is my self defense; He has fought for you and me, Just by faith in Him I’m free. Chorus:
4. There’s no other way to Heaven, Than by faith in Jesus Name; For He is the Son of God, And that is all I need to know. Chorus:

5. By faith I am a child of God, By faith I know and understand; Then in Heaven I shall see, All that faith has won for me. Chorus:
25 Jesus Is A Fisher Of Men
1. Jesus is a fisher of me, fisher of men, fisher of men; Jesus is a fisher of men, And I’m so glad He caught me; I’m so glad He caught me, And from my sins He set me free; Jesus is a fisher of men, And I’m so glad He caught me.
2. He threw out His net of grace just for me, grace just for me, grace just for me; He threw out His net of grace just for me, And He pulled me to the shore; Oh He pulled me to the shore, To be with Him forevermore; He threw out His net of grace just for me, And He pulled me to the shore.
3. My lifeline of faith will keep me afloat, keep me afloat, keep me afloat; My lifeline of faith will keep me afloat, ‘Till I reach the other side; ‘Till I reach the other side, Where my tears will all be dried; My lifeline of faith will keep me afloat, ‘Till I reach the other side.
4. I was like a child who was lost in the dark, lost in the dark, lost in the dark; I was like a child who was lost in the dark, But I no longer am afraid; I no longer am afraid, For by His grace I have been saved; I was like a child who was lost in the dark, But I no longer am afraid.
5. He will light my way in this world of woe, this world of woe, this world of woe; He will light my way in this world of woe, And I never more shall roam; Oh I never more shall roam, Until I hear him call me home; He will light my way in this world of woe, And I never more shall roam.
6. I have drunk of His wine and I’ll never thirst, I’ll never thirst, I’ll never thirst; I have drunk of His wine and I’ll never thirst, For His blood has made me new; For His blood has made me new, And it can do the same for you; I have drunk of His wine and I’ll never thirst, For His blood has made me new.
7. He opened my eyes to read of His Word, read of His Word, read of His Word; He opened my eyes to read of His Word, And of His Love Divine; And of His Love Divine, And how Heaven shall be mine; He opened my eyes to read of His Word, And of His Love Divine.
8. He will gather the weak ones up in His arms, up in His arms, up in His arms; He well gather the weak ones up in His arms, And lay them on His breast; And lay them on His breast, And there they will find rest; He will gather the weak ones up in His arms, And lay them on His breast.
9. Our precious Saviour is calling to you, calling to you, calling to you; Our precious Saviour is calling to you, Oh won’t you let Him in; Oh won’t you let Him in, And let Him wipe away your sin; Our precious Saviour is calling to you, Oh won’t you let Him in.
10. Then we’ll march to Zion praising His Name, praising His Name, praising His Name; We will march to Zion praising His Name, And our song shall fill the air; And our song shall fill the air, Hallelujah we’ll soon be there; We will march to Zion praising His Name, And our song shall fill the air.

26 My Life On Earth Is A Misery
1. My Life on earth is a misery, My flesh is bound but my soul is free; For Jesus died on Calvary, now Heaven is my home.
2. I want to go home but here I must stay, Though hard is the path and long is the way; But soon there will dawn that glorious day, When Heaven is my home.
3. The chains of sin bound me oh so tight, I struggled and I fought with all my might; But Jesus showed the way and I saw the light, Now Heaven is my home.
4. Jesus built for me a mansion in the sky, And He is the only way to this home on high; He’ll give wings to my soul and soon I’ll fly, For Heaven is my home.
5. I am just here for a little while, My burdens are many and my troubles pile; But the song in my heart gives my lips a smile, For Heaven is my home.
6. For Jesus died that we all might be free, This gift is for you as it is for me; And faith is the key to eternity, For Heaven is my home.
7. Won’t you come with me when He calls us home, There’s nothing you can do that is of your own; All you need to have is faith alone, For Heaven is my home.
8. There is no need to understand, Just let Him take me by the hand; And lead me to the promised land, For Heaven is my home.
9. I’m homeward bound and I’ll sing as I go, Tho’ my feet are weary and my steps are slow; My love for Jesus keeps me all aglow, For Heaven is my home.
10. Soon I shall see that golden gate, My heart is so happy I can hardly wait; Eternal life shall be my fate, For Heaven is my home.
11. When I am there I will sing and shout, And just for joy I will dance about; For then there will be no more doubt, That Heaven is my home.
27 Birds Of Heaven Build Their Nest
1. Birds of Heaven build their nest, In a vine green and fresh; Filled with blooms and fragrancy, There they hide and rest in peace.
2. There they swallows sing their praise, To the Bridegroom every day; There their hearts can taste of fruit, Ripened in a land that’s new.
3. On the cross of Golgotha, They ripened in the Bridegroom’s heart; Fruit of the vine as red as blood, Down to earth they bow their tops.
4. So the little children can, Gather them with their own hands; Traveling through wilderness, They can feed and drink of them.

5. The sap of vine is healthy for, All the children of the Lord; It will warm the coldest heart, It will also kindle love.
6. When the children get to taste, Heaven’s honey on their way; They forget all other things, Hearts just sing in harmony.
7. With the milk of mother’s breast, Little children will thrive best; Faithfully they always fight, Against the enemy in sight.
8. In a blooming fragrant vine, The birds of summer like to hide; The mother bird knows how to care, With her wings she covers them.
9. She will drive the hawks away, So they cannot hurt the babes; She will take the little ones, to a home more glorious.
10. There the swallows chirp their songs, With the heart that’s always warm; All new melodies have they, Every mouth is filled with praise.
11. Decorated with a crown, The bride will praise and dance around, Drunken with the wedding wine, Filled with Bridegroom’s love divine.
12. Then the mist and fog will fade, Tribulations pass away; The bride is ready when she can, Join the wedding of the Lamb.
13. In a new Jerusalem, Up in Heaven she will stay; Which has been prepared for us, By the work of Lord Jesus.
14. There’s no lack of joy up there, Christmas spirit’s in the air; Hallelujah Hosanna, They will sing with joyful hearts.
28 So Often You Sighed On Your Journey
(trans: 283 UL, Toalla Usein Jo Henkesi Huokailikin)
1. So often you sighed on your journey through here, Longing for eternal home; Why seemeth my Bridegroom to tarry so long, Before He will call me home: Amen, Amen, joined with the Angels now, Praising the Bridegroom who carried you through, To victory in His Love.
2. Your troublesome journey and ills are at end, Never in need no more; Parted forever from tribulations, There on that peaceful shore: Amen, Amen, joined with the Angels now, Praising the Bridegroom who carried you through, To victory in His Love.
3. The heavenly swallow it took to its wings, and has flown to a warmer land, Chirping so gladly in gliding away, Eternally there to stay: Amen, Amen, joined with the Angels now, Praising the Bridegroom who carried you through, To victory in His Love.
4. Departed forever from causes of grief, This world you have left behind; Never a pain in your heart would you feel, For unbelieving children of thine: Amen, Amen, joined with the Angels now, Praising the Bridegroom who carried you through, To victory in His Love.

5. No roses in bloom ever decorated, The path of your life my dear; But tears that were born in a sadly heart, Were flowing so freely here: Amen, Amen, joined with the Angels now, Praising the Bridegroom who carried you through, To victory in His Love.
6. We leave you in the bosom of mother earth now, Resting in a grave so calm; Sweetest of peace overshadowing you, Blest in a sacred Love: Amen, Amen, farewell to you we say, Until the day when we meet again, And then we are home to stay.
7. When the trumpet is sounded to awaken you there, A glorified body will rise; God will rebuild then what death has now stilled, Never no more to die: Amen, Amen, Hallelujah sing, With multitudes waiting to greet you in Heaven, Praising the Lord our King.
29 Jesus Is My Saviour Dear
1. Jesus is my Saviour dear, He will all my troubles share; Just have faith and keep Him near, My reward is Heaven.
2. All my sins were born by Him, Just you knock He’ll let you in, Ask Him to forgive your sins, Your reward is Heaven.
3. Soon the gates will open wide, Jesus ever at my side; There with Him I will abide, My reward is Heaven.
4. Mother, Father Sister too, Brother He will welcome you; Just have faith is all you do, Your reward is Heaven.
5. Soon I’ll see His loving face, Earthly tears will leave no trace; Forgiven by His loving grace, My reward is Heaven.
6. Come with me and let us sing, Praises to our Lord will ring, Everlasting Jesus King, your reward is Heaven.
7. Love your neighbor Jesus said, In the good book you have read; Give him shelter give him bread, Your reward is Heaven.
30 Blessed Are The Children Who Are Born Of God
1. Blessed are the children who are born of God, And are tucked away in Love on their way to home above; Blessed are the children who have the faith to say, Jesus is the only way, He is the only way.
Chorus: So I shall wait in faith, ‘till the morning dawns, When even I can join the blest and glorified; So I shall wait in faith ‘till the trumpet blows, Amen I shall sing and on a cloud I’ll go.
2. In Thine care O Lord I trust my lamp that’s burning low, O breathe Thine breath in it, Fulfill it with Thine oil; I know O Lord that when Thou will touch it with Thine Love, It will glow for Thine own Glory like the morning star above. Chorus:

3. I know O Lord that in my flesh there dwelleth nothing good, The bad that I despise I mostly seem to do; But Thou have promised in Thine Love to carry all the weak, Remember me O Lord I pray and carry even me. Chorus:
4. Many brothers sisters who traveled here in faith, Are singing with the Angels, Hosanna and Amen; By Word of God I understand, my faith is not in vain, If I follow Jesus I can join them all again. Chorus:
5. Thank Thee Jesus thank Thee, Thanks for everything, Thou came with outstretched arms to keep me from all harm; Thou came to be my bread and wine, Thou came to be my friend, Hosanna Hallelujah, I am on my way up there. Chorus:
6. A joyful song is in my heart but tears are in my eyes, Through the mist I see, Jesus glorified; But I rejoice because I know, A crown of righteousness is kept for me in Father’s house until my journey ends. Chorus:
31 The Road Home Was An Impervious Passage
1. The road home was an impervious passage, The hills were steep and barriers mastered; Then Jesus built the Calvary highway, Soon we’ll rest on God’s green pastures.
Chorus: Oh how wonderful, How wonderful; Is the love of our Father: He will watch over us on this road of life, So we can live with him up yonder.
2. When we can taste His body and His blood, Our faith in Jesus should never falter; we can get that close to our gentle Lamb, That was murdered on the altar. Chorus:
3. There are better days ahead we know, For God’s lucky little children; He will soon be calling His loved ones home, It is hard to wait until then. Chorus:
4. Our Father loves us so much that He, Will give us the glories of winners; He gave His son for a sinner’s sake, And for sure we are the sinners. Chorus:
32 A Place Of Soothing For Us
(trans: 17 UL, On Lepopaikka Sulionen)
1. A place of soothing rest for us, Is still on Golgotha; The bleeding wounds of Jesus there, Haven of rest we share.
2. ‘Tis there the weary pilgrims find, Comfort and peace of mind; And are revived with Heaven’s treat, With bread of life to eat.
3. In passing through this wilderness, We hunger and we thirst; And many times we feel as though, We can no further go.
4. Let’s all together hurry now, To the spring of life above, There on the mount of Golgotha, It overflows for us.

5. Lord Jesus there nailed to the cross, Bleeding from love we see; Wounds in His head and side so deep, Wounds in His hands and feet.
6. From them there flows the precious blood, Flows to the final drop; Renewal of life for victims of, The serpent venomous.
7. Now hear ye all with troubled minds, Downcast and weary kind; Jesus has shouted on Golgotha, It’s finished and all done.
8. If tribulations surround you here, And sin is crowding near; Lift up your eyes and here you’ll see, Salvation, liberty.
9. When touched in the heart by sprinkled blood, Which there so freely flows; All the cares will then retreat, Gladness and joy repeats.
10. A spark of joy within your heart, Flares up and you will start; Praising the Bridegroom who shed His blood, For a lasting will and love.
11. To a faithful bridegroom covered with blood, We sing a song of love; Thou comest soon to call your own, Come Lord and take us home.
33 Thank Thee Lord Jesus For Hope Thou Restored
1. Thank Thee Lord Jesus for hope Thou restored, Thank Thee Lord Jesus for leading in war; In faith I looked up to Calvary’s tree, Power to rise from the dead I could see.
Chorus: Power to rise from the dead I could see, Infinite Love bleeding for me; Infinite Love nailed to a tree, Giving new birth to me.
2. Love lifted me and I now see the light, My name is recorded in God’s book of life; Thank Thee Lord Jesus for all Thou hast done, Glory to God for the gift from above. Chorus:
3. I searched here below but no hope I could see, The finger of death was here pointing at me; In faith I looked up and there nailed to a tree, Salvation was bleeding for sinners like me. Chorus:
4. My home is not here, I just pass through this land, Faithfully clasping one good Shepherd’s hand; He is my Saviour and leader in war, He is my fortress my comfort and Lord. Chorus:
5. Our Father in Heaven gave Jesus His Name, O sinner you never need call Him in vain; For prodigal son and woman who sinned, There’s infinite Love and Forgiveness of sin. Chorus:
6. The servants of Father will dress you so neat, Everything new from your head to your feet; A ring on your finger an emblem of love, Will always remind you that a wedding will come. Chorus:
7. Wonderful visions in faith you will see, Multitudes praising the God they believed; A city of gold and a fountain so clear; Cups overflowing and joy without tears. Chorus:

8. From mouth of the sucklings and mouth of the babes, God for His glory perfected a praise; Be of good cheer little flock on your way, Hosanna we’ll sing on God’s Altar some day. Chorus:
34 There Remaineth For God’s People
(trans: 208 UL; Herran Kansalla On Viela)
1. There remaineth for God’s people, Another day of promised rest; Most renown will be the blessing, In God’s peaceful kingdom then.
Chorus: In the Canaan land of beauty, Lives a tree of life that’s blooming, With a rest there for the weary, On the other side of Jordan’s tide.
2. Palms of victory from Jesus, All the weary will receive; Who can ever in God’s presence, Take away from them their peace. Chorus:
3. All the pains and all the sorrows, All the restlessness will cease; Sorrows there can never enter, Where there’s eternal Canaan peace. Chorus:
4. Fear and death will never be there, Sin and sorrows will be gone; Victory and peace with honor, They enjoy for evermore. Chorus:
5. Joy supreme and untold glory, Close to Jesus they will share; Multitudes of Holy people, Will forever praise Him there. Chorus:
35 Jesus I Want To Go Home Soon
1. Jesus I want to go home soon, For I long to be with you; Oh Jesus come and get me, There is nothing on earth here to do.
2. Here I am only a dull spot, But in Heaven I’ll brightly shine, When Jesus comes and gets me, Thy Kingdom then will be mine.
3. I want to see the white cloud, For here I shed many tears; Oh Jesus come and get me, So I can rid all my troubles and fears.
4. I want to go to a better land, From all my doubts I’ll be free; My Jesus come and get me, Take me home where I long to be.
5. Oh those many blood drops, That were shed on Calvary; My Saviour come and get me, For I long to be home with Thee.
6. Is your name in the book of life too, Unto Jesus I want to hold; After Jesus comes and gets me, I’ll wear my crown of gold.
7. Soon I will see the sunrise, He will lay me on His breast; Oh Jesus come and get me, I need comfort and rest.

8. At home I’ll serve Him forever, So readily and willingly; When Jesus comes and gets me, All the treasures in Heaven I’ll see.
36 The Journey Is Long But Ahead There’s A Light
1. The journey is long but ahead there’s a light, Jesus is calling me through the night; And when I hear Him, I shout with delight, Hallelujah and Amen.
2. There’s grace enough for you and there’s grace enough for me, This wonderful grace is from the cross of Calvary; Faith is all you need to live eternally, Hallelujah and Amen.
3. My ears cannot hear and my eyes cannot see, What treasures in Heaven are prepared there for me; But in death I shall triumph and find victory, Hallelujah and Amen.
4. No night will fall there Glory will abound, No tears will I shed, There’ll be joy all around; No pain will I know there I’ll be safe and sound, Hallelujah and Amen.
5. And with outstretched arms they will welcome me home, I’ll be safe at last no more will I roam; My eyes shall behold the Lamb upon the throne, Hallelujah and Amen.
6. What joy in my heart His name can bring, It overflows when His praises I sing; It will overflow forever when I see the King, Hallelujah and Amen.
7. Why should I worry and why should I care, I’ll just sit on the train it will carry me there; There’s nothing to do Jesus paid my fare, Hallelujah and Amen.
37 Satan Has Frosted His Cake Of Sin With Care
1. Satan Has frosted his cake of sin with care, Often he tempts me, It with him to share; The price that he asks, Is death for my sin, I won’t listen, I won’t let him in.
Chorus: Hallelujah I’m as happy as a bird, I’ve been feeding, Upon His precious word; Jesus called me, And my heart has heard, I’m singing all day long.
2. Now I have peace here deep within my heart, Past understanding, From the world apart; No need to fear darkness, With Jesus at my side, He will give me comfort, He will be my Guide. Chorus:
3. My trials on earth cause me anguish and shame, I have tears of sorrow, I have tears of pain; But then I remember, How Jesus died for me, He suffered and bled, For my sins on Calvary. Chorus:
4. Satan gives sweet voices to others who may call, Do not be tempted, Don’t listen or you will fall, Don’t lose your faith in Jesus, No matter what the cost, Do not heed false teachers or surely you’ll be lost. Chorus:
5. There are words of comfort, Words that must be told, With precious blood He bought us, Not silver or with gold, Faith alone can save you, With grace you will be blest, Searching for a new way Will never give you rest. Chorus:

6. When I cross the river into the promised land, Jesus there will greet me, He will take me by the hand, My life on earth forgotten, Eternal joy I’ll know, For I believe in Jesus, And He ahs said it’s so. Chorus:
38 Jesus Come And Get Us Home
1. Jesus come and get us home, We are weak and weary, Tribulations surround us here, That is the burden carry.
Chorus: Come Oh Lord and take us home, Thine children we are lonely, Earthly trials bear us down, Oh Lord we trust Thee only.
2. Many people here on earth, Have tried to tempt God’s children, But in faith we have the strength, To believe our sins forgiven. Chorus:
3. The Groom is ready for us all, A robe of white He’s given me, The wedding day will soon be here, Together then we’ll all be. Chorus:
4. Thanks to Thee Oh Jesus dear, Upon the cross you suffered. Fought through death’s dismal cave, Through your blood we’re mothered. Chorus:
5. A mighty fortress is our Lord, A trusty shield and weapon, Protects us from Satan’s wiles, Will bring us home to Heaven. Chorus:
6. Praises to the Lord our King, Fills our hearts with gladness too, Rejoicing in His Name so dear, Traveling to a home that’s new. Chorus:
39 Brothers And Sisters Hear Jesus Call You
1. Brothers and sisters hear Jesus call you, Oh how He beckons way out is the blue; If you're not ready receive now your King, His Kingdom all yours, Oh how we shall sing.
2. He will watch o’er you each step of the way, Just keep Him near you each single day; Though the path may be narrow, The light may be dim, He’ll guide your feet, Keep your faith in him.
3. Through trials and teardrops His face will shine through, Some glorious morning He’ll call you too; Leave all oppression all sins behind, Believing in Jesus, Your treasures you’ll find.
4. And when we see Him the promise He told, A promise no longer, The truth we’ll behold; Clothed in white raiment, Like the Lamb on the throne, Jesus will greet us, And call us His own.
5. It’s still the same story told often before, Let us rejoice as we hear it once more; How He died to save us and set us all free, Believing in Jesus is our victory.
6. We’ll sing all together, How sweet we shall sound, Through our Love of God, Together we’re bound; How we’ll rejoice as together we stand, Earth now forgotten, In the promised land.

40 Dear Jesus My Friend In My Troubles
1. Dear Jesus my friend in my troubles and strife, I pray that Ye show me the way and the light; The fog is so heavy it terrifies me, Your Love so Divine it will tranquilize me.
Chorus: Dear Jesus, Dear Jesus, Oh show me the light, So I won’t get lost on this perilous flight; My steps often weary, My heart often sore; These are the symptoms of battling a war.
2. Though I may get wounded yet I will not fall, In the five wounds of Jesus I’m shielded from foe; Hiding so safely embraced in His arms, In faith I am clothed in the Armour of God. Chorus:
3. In faith I am traveling to my blessed home, To Heavenly treasures where I’ll sing a new song; Though roses and flowers not always arrayed, My road to my glory but in Jesus I’m safe. Chorus:
4. At last when my trophies will all be laid down, I’ll see my dear Jesus with my shining crown; I’ll leave all my sorrows my fears and my doubts, I know that my voice will ring with a shout. Chorus:
41 My Wish Is To Praise God
(trans: 64 UL, Jo Mahtaisin Yota)
1. My wish is to praise God night and day, For His great Love He showed toward us; That we’ve been made ready, For the great wedding, In Heaven with the Lamb of God.
2. O boundless Love O endless grace, That I’ve been selected to be His Bride, For me this is plenty, That Jesus is mine, O endless grace and Love Divine.
42 When Jesus Died On Golgotha
(trans: 115 UL, Henkensa Antio Kaikki Kun Loi)
1. When Jesus died on Golgotha, The blood drops He shed brought victory for us; On the mount of Zion this trumpet blows, Brightly the Salem Star does glow.
2. His guiding voice it still does ring, Soon to our home we will enter in; Flying like a dove clear across this land, There we will meet each other again.
3. Farewell precious flock to thee farewell, Some day we’ll leave this stormy land; Soon our journey will end here, Thank God this tearful journey will end.
4. In the New Salem Land one great day, There we will all be so happy and gay; Rejoicing of victory singing in chimes, He’ll not forsake thee Jesus’ Bride.
5. No more tears from my eyes there flow, When I am gone to my peaceful home; Rejoicing in Heaven eternally, Joined with Jesus content I will be.

43 I Need Food From Heaven
1. I need food from Heaven, To be satisfied, For here on earth I am troubled and tried, Food for my soul is what I need, The precious words of Jesus, are food indeed.
2. A little drink from Heaven will quench my thirst, Understanding later, The joy will come first, The joy of knowing Jesus has died for me, Taken all my sins and set me free.
3. Jesus will lead me and not let me stray, He will stay beside me all of the way, he will hold my hand and be the light, And guide me through the stormy night.
4. No longer do I need to travel alone, There are others who journey with me home, Jesus will get us and take us from here, Oh wonderful Heaven what a joy to be there.
5. Peaceful shores of Heaven will welcome me, The Lamb upon the throne I want to see, When I get to Heaven, I won’t have to wait, To lift my hand and knock upon the gate.
6. Ring the bells of Heaven, ring them loud and long, Soon I will join the Angel’s and sing a joyous song, Already I can hear the Angels sing, Praises to our Lord and King.
44 We’re Traveling On A Long And Dark Road
1. We’re traveling on a long and dark road, It seems that we’re carrying a heavy load, But we must try to keep on the way, For someday we’ll have a big day.
2. On the right hand of God we’ll some day stand, His followers like a marching band, Jesus will say “come” then we’ll all go, To the land where there’s no sorrow or woe.
3. Jesus died for you and for me, On the cross of Calvary, Some day our hearts will be happy and gay, When we are at home to stay.
45 Sweet Repose In Heaven
(trans: 120 UL, Ihana Rauhan Ranta)
1. Sweet repose in Heaven, Eternal rest is given, From cares completely free, And sorrows all released.
2. Beloved Bridegroom Jesus, There face to face we’ll see Him, Upon the glory seat, With palms of victory.
3. Many from here among us, Have bid farewell to this earth, So oft’ remembering, Longing to be with them.
4. To Heaven we’ll depart soon, Away from grief and cares too, To our eternal home, Among the blessed throng.

46 God’s Dear Children Here Are Longing (trans. No. 1 UL Armon Lapset Halajaa Jo)
1. God’s dear children here are longing, To leave this dreary world behind; And enter into that great Kingdom, Where the Lamb of God so brightly shines.
2. To that land where dwell God’s children, Nearer to their Jesus dear; Who were freed from Satan’s bondage, Singing that new song of cheer.
3. There already our Heavenly Father, Prepares for us a harp of gold; And has wiped away forever, From their eyes the tears of old.
4. There our fasting will be ended, Joy eternal there will be; When we meet the one who died for, Weak and fallen ones like me.
5. Satan ever is so ready, God’s own children to deceive, Hoping they would change their leader, And some other to believe.
6. But God’s childrens’ pathways travel, The way of strife to Heaven’s door; That is why they chose the Saviour, As a light to guide them home.
7. Thanks to Jesus for descending, Down to earth to die for me; Thanks to Him for still in Heaven, Praying God to carry me.
8. So that I greatest of sinners, Am so fortunate to be; Able to call Jesus brother, And find peace eternally.
9. Grant me God more understanding, Let me feel my Saviour’s might; So His light will ever guide me, Even in the dark of night.
10. Write before my eyes so teary, The Name of Jesus brighter still; So that with each footstep weary, Hope and faith renew it will.
11. Here in faith I’m still awaiting, ‘Til I hear that Holy Throng; That is gathered up in Heaven, Lift their voices in joyful song.
12. Then we’ll hear the voices echo, Hallelujah and Amen; When we’re lifted up to Heaven, And our troubled journey ends.
47 I Hear A Voice From Heaven Calling
1. I hear a voice from Heaven calling, Come onto me oh weary one; Come own the Kingdom that awaits you, That was prepared by God’s dear Son.
2. Upon the cross my Jesus suffered, He shed His precious blood for me; My sins were washed away forever, Into the waters of the sea.
3. No longer will the world’s temptations, Beckon to me lead me astray; My heart belongs to Jesus only, His Name is written there to stay.

4. If tears of sorrow dim my journey, And I must travel through the dark; If tempests blow I need not worry, When I have Jesus in my heart.
5. A summer breeze His Holy Spirit, Blows gently and comfortingly; To soothe my heart when I am lonely, It brings me peace tranquility.
6. If tribulations round me gather, And when my heart is filled with care; I breathe the Name of blessed Jesus, I find comfort and solace there.
7. One moment longer here I tarry, Awaiting so impatiently; When I can hear the Heaven’s trumpets, Playing the wedding song for me.
8. Then I can lay aside my burdens, And enter Heaven’s open door; How wonderful when I awaken, Upon that blessed peaceful shore.
9. Where earthly trials are forgotten, Where earthly tears will cease to be; My soul rejoices thanking Jesus, For all the Love he have to me.
10. This garment that is old and faded, I’ll shed and there I will be clothed; With righteousness a shining raiment, Upon my head a crown of gold.
11. There I can see what I believed in, I’ll know my faith was not in vain; I’ll sing a song that has no ending, With my beloved ones again.
12. God’s children here await the morning, When Jesus comes upon a cloud; To gather up the weak and weary, To their eternal home above.
13. God’s grace and mercy then be with you, Keep Jesus Christ your guiding light; If I should be called home tomorrow, I’ll leave you in God’s peace tonight.
48 I’m Yearning For Day This Strife Is Ended (tune: 232 UL, Ma Aattelen Kun Loppu Taisto)
1. I’m yearning for the day this strife is ended, And I can enter Zions lovely hall; Where all my trials weepings are suspended, No tears of sorrow ever more shall fall.
2. No lamentations ever shall be heard there, No sorrow that would cause the bride distress; How wonderful to have a home in Heaven, Where worldly cares and sins no longer press.
3. Altho’ by all my friends I am rejected, No refuge in this world is left for me; My joyous heart still tells me I’m remembered, In Heaven where my journey’s end will be.
4. Altho’ by all the world I am forsaken, It matters not to Jesus I’ll be true; He will prepare a place for me in Heaven, And what my Jesus promises He’ll do.
5. I cannot even lisp the songs of glory, For I must carry this corruption here; But in my heart I hear the chords most Holy, Whenever Jesus’ sprinkling blood is near.
6. While here I’ll be content my cross to carry, For otherwise there’ll be no crown for me; By Dearest Jesus all my life I’ll tarry, And then in Heaven eternally I’ll be.

49 I Have Cause To Be Thankful And I Rejoice (tune: 125 UL, Nyt Alan Mine Laulaa)
1. I have cause to be thankful and I rejoice, ‘Though tears on my pathway flow; I have received a gift from Heaven, More precious than silver and gold.
2. This gift of love was unknown to me, When I traveled in unbelief; I knew the darkness and misery, Of a life that would end in grief.
3. Then I heard a joyful song one day, From Heaven a sweet refrain; My spirit awakened and I could see, The dawn of a brighter day.
4. Now free from oppression I have no fear, Heaven’s portals are opened wide; My soul has been washed with the blood of the Son, And the Father is satisfied.
5. Soon my journey is over and I can go, To that beautiful peaceful shore; Where my ship will be safe in Heaven’s cove, Away from this earthly storm.
6. When my ship is anchored I’ll go ashore, There Jesus will welcome me, And the Heaven’s band plays my welcome home, With a beautiful melody.
7. There awaiting me is a harp of gold, That plays only one refrain; So simple that even I can play, A song of eternal praise.
8. When I see Heaven’s beauty surrounding me, Unbounded my joy will be; No tongue can tell how wonderful, My home in Heaven will be.
9. When you gather around my grave one day, Oh sister and brother in faith; To commit my dust to eternal rest, In the cold and silent grave.
10. Then shed not a tear and sorrow not, Just lift your voices in praise; To Jesus for taking this weary child, To dwell in a better place.
50 Jesus My Saviour, Redeemer And Friend
1. Jesus my Saviour Redeemer and friend, Hold tight to my hand from now ‘till the end; Hold tight to my hand Lord never let go, Hold tight to my hand ‘till the day I’m called home.
2. I was so weary so troubled and weak, God’s candle of hope seemed out of my reach; But God in His mercy looked down and saw me, And lowered His candle so now I can see.
3. By faith I can see now a great victory, God’s Lamb has been slaughtered for a sinner like me; There’s hope for the hopeless O thank Thee O Lord, Hold tight to my hand so I will not fall.
4. My faith is still less than the smallest of seed, But thanks to God’s Love that’s all I will need; That is enough to carry me through, Where the old is forgotten and all things are new.

5. My tongue is still bonded to a flesh that is weak, All I can say is “Yes I believe;” Yes I believe Thou saved me by grace, Glory, Glory, be to Thine Name.
6. At home I’ll rejoice then and I will be glad, To meet the good Shepherd who’s holding my hand; He will anoint my head with glad oil, My Lord and Redeemer my hope and my joy.
7. So keep on confessing “Jesus is Christ.” He is the way the truth and the light; Onward to Heaven no time to retreat, There’s hope for the hopeless even for me.
51 Oh Praise To Thee Jesus For Saying The Word
1. Oh praise to Thee Jesus for saying the word, That all is completely fulfilled; When death on the cross for my sake Thou incurred, While innocent blood from Thee spilled.
2. So take us O Jesus now into Thy hand, And guide us and lead us along; And from among sinners here gather Thy band, May the might of Thy Love win them o’er.
3. And when Thy poor bride is once taken away, From this strange foreign country so bleak; Oh may she be also attired that day, In righteousness pure and complete.
4. There praises to Thee we will sing and abide, In Heaven eternally blest; That praise never endeth ‘twill never subside, In the joy which through grace we possess.
5. Oh how it doth ring our new homeland up there, As we play on melodious harps; In glorious blessedness lasting for’er, And there I now long to depart.
6. Our journey is ending and short is the way, At rest soon my soul can abide; That moment is near which will take us away, To dwell in eternal delight.
7. That blood it has opened the way into bliss, For believers partaking thereof; O sinner poor human take heed of all this, And hasten to glory above.
8. Oh Jesus indeed is the only right road, Now into Jerusalem New; Which taketh us up to our Heavenly Home, Thus singing our way we pursue.
52 Arise O Cloud All Bleeding Red
(trans: 165 UL, Nouse Jo Pilvi Verinen; E.K. Anderson)
1. Arise O cloud all bleeding red, Up from the garden now ascend; Thy burning Love down on us pour, And thus revive our hearts once more.
2. Oh let Thy blood descend in drops, As gentle rain upon our hearts; Allow us e’er Thy Love to know, And lend us aid therein to grow.
3. The sun is shining bleeding red, Now as our banner overhead; Allow Thy rays to warm us still, When we are numbed by earthly chill.
4. The sun is warm and fair indeed, Upon the resurrection field; Oh let Thy Spirit now hold and sway, And Thy own peace in us prevail.

5. Now Zion preach of blood divine, It loosens us from chains that bind; And opens up salvation’s spring, The free forgiveness of our sins.
6. Oh let us ever grow in grace, Like roses in the garden space; In Jesus’ blood with strength bestowed, In Father’s loving arms enclosed.
7. Away from here we’ll soon be called, Up to New Heaven’s Wedding Hall; To sing among the Angel band, The anthem of the Blessed Lamb.
8. That time is beautiful indeed, When we this stormy earth can leave; Then as the sun there brightly glows, The lamb who from the dead arose.
9. We there no longer shall recall, That we were in the war at all; Nor can corruption there distress, For all is peace and happiness.
53 There’s Not A Friend Like Our Lowly Jesus
1. There’s not a friend like our lowly Jesus, No not one, No not one; None else could heal all our soul’s diseases, No not one, No not one.
Chorus: Jesus knows all about our struggles, He will guide us ‘till the day is done; There’s not a friend like our lowly Jesus, No not one, No not one.
2. No friend like Him is so meek and Holy, No not one, No not one; No friend like Him is so high and Holy, No not one, No not one. Chorus:
3. There’s not an hour that He is not near us, No not one, No not one; No night so dark but His love can cheer us, No not one, No not one. Chorus:
4. Did ever saint find this friend forsake him, No not one, No not one; Or sinner find that He would not take him, No not one, No not one. Chorus:
5. Was e’er a gift like the Saviour given, No not one, No not one; Will He refuse us a home in Heaven, No not one, No not one. Chorus:
54 Isn’t It Just Wonderful
(tune: 141 UL, Kiitos Isa Sullen)
1. Isn’t it just wonderful, That my Jesus died for me, Isn’t it just wonderful, To know that I’m forever free.
2. Isn’t it just wonderful, That we are none of us afraid, Isn’t it just wonderful, That with His blood the way is paved.
3. Isn’t it just wonderful, He’ll open your eyes so you can see, Isn’t it just wonderful, It’s so easy to believe.

4. Isn’t it just wonderful, To know we soon will hear Him call, Isn’t it just wonderful, He is our faith complete in all.
5. Isn’t it just wonderful, That faith alone will get you in, Isn’t it just wonderful, That even our works are supplied by Him.
6. Isn’t it just wonderful, To have Him ever at your side, Isn’t it just wonderful, To know your footsteps He will guide.
7. Isn’t it just wonderful, This taste of joy that we have here, Isn’t it just wonderful, The joy we’ll know when we are there.
55 He Cometh Soon My Jesus
(trans: 129 UL, Han Tule Kohta Jeesus; E.K. Anderson)
1. He cometh soon my Jesus, Our sovereign great and high; So Jesus’ bride start lifting, Thy eyes up toward the sky; Rejoice that soon it dawneth, That blessed morning when; To meet our Groom Beloved, We to the clouds ascend.
2. He cometh soon my Jesus, Why should we now allow; These earthly cares and worries, To weigh our spirits down; Why should these worries earthly, Now fill our breasts with woe; When Heaven is our dwelling, And Christ our wealth untold.
3. He cometh soon my Jesus, So sisters let us strive; To banish disagreement, and bitterness of mind; Oh let us all remember, One body now are we; That one is our redeemer, One hope we have in God.
4. He cometh soon my Jesus, Our time is short down here; Soon cares of time will vanish, Our troubles disappear; The curtain soon is lifted, Which keepeth us apart; Then to our home in Heaven, From earth we shall depart.
5. He come my dear Lord Jesus, The bride is crying here, While waiting for her Bridegroom, In air so cold and drear; Oh when shall I be taken, To see Thy face so fair; In that new happy homeland, Where we rejoice fore’er.
56 I Feel The Birth Of A Song In My Heart
1. I feel the birth of a song is my heart, Like the call of a Shepherd that’s heard in the dark; Few are the words and humble they are, But the spirit reveals they are greetings from God.
2. There is a city where Love is the law, A city where dwelleth the children of God; Oh God let Thine power descend down on me, Grant me that city more clearly to see.
3. Oh God let Thine power descend down on me, The weakest in faith who has stumbled and sinned; Lift up my Spirit so high I can see, The life Jesus gave was given for me.
4. O God let Thine power descend down on me, Lift up my soul so I clearly would see; The tower of Love in New Salem so bright, The Earth’s Satellites from its glory will hide.

5. That’s all I need on this earth as I wait, Sprinkles of blood that will strengthen my faith; Strengthen my faith so that I can believe, In the power of blood there’s forgiveness for me.
6. O wonderful power the power of blood, O wonderful life that was born of first Love; In the power of blood there’s new hope for my soul, The power of blood will carry me home.
7. In the dust of this world I gladly will leave, Each tear I have shed and the world’s vanity; At the dawn of a new day God’s trumpet will blow, It’s God’s Sabbath Day and I can go home.
8. There I can join all the loved ones again, Singing Hosanna and shouting Amen; Come power of blood and lift up my soul, Come lift me to Heaven this world is so cold.
57 How Wonderful My Jesus Is
1. How wonderful my Jesus is, He even gave His life for me, In my distress I called His Name, he answered me “Be not dismayed” Be not dismayed soon He will come, And take away His chosen ones, Be not dismayed, How sweet it sounds; In the wilderness when the Lord comes down.
2. With eyes of faith I now can see, A trembling earth and roaring sea, But little flock you need not fear, Your coronation day is near; Look up in faith at the guiding light, And rest in peace on the arm of might; Your righteousness each night and day, Will go before you all the way.
3. When Jesus comes I’ll have no time, To even bid this world goodbye, For death I’ll give my flesh and bones, My dues for sin that’s all I owe; But God will take my soul from here, To a home where there will be no tears; Up there I’ll kiss the hands and feet, Of the one who died for even me.
4. Though weak and weary on my way, The grace of God is new each day, And by His Word I understand, There’s a home for me in the Holy Land; How wonderful it is to know, There is a place for the weak to go; A place to go and rest in peace, In a wounded heart on Calvary.
5. Oh friend so dear but far from God, Harden not your weary heart, There’s someone knocking at your door, Do let Him in it’s Christ the Lord; Confess His Name be not ashamed, By faith in Christ you can be saved; A voice is calling tenderly calling for you from Calvary.
58 The Lord Is My Own Shepherd
1. The Lord is my own Shepherd, I shall not ever want, To pastures green He’ll lead me, Still waters at my sides; And passing through dark valleys I never need to fear, The Lord is my own Shepherd, And He is ever near.
2. Let not your heart be troubled, Nor let it be afraid, He’ll take you to a mansion, In Father’s house I’m safe; Thy rod and staff comfort me, When stormy clouds appear; Let not your heart be troubled, Nor let it be afraid.

3. My Shepherd knows my weakness, But He will carry me, This path is very narrow, But I am trusting Him; And when my life is ended, My Saviour I shall see, Forever sing His praises; For what He’s done for me.
4. My heart is filled with gladness, New song He gave for me, In Heaven are my riches, For which I’m thanking Him, And blessed are the children, Who have this precious faith, My ship of faith soon anchors, On Heaven’s Golden Gate.
5. And here I’m watching waiting, My Bridegroom to appear, Receive this loving message, That I so long to hear; Now come and own this Kingdom, That is prepared all new, Eternal Life in Glory, A gift from God to you.
59 Here I Am Only A Stranger
(tune: 320 UL, Jeesuksen Morsiamen)
1. Here I am only a stranger, There’s nothing on earth here for me; But in Heaven there is life everlasting, And that’s where I’m longing to be.
2. Often I find on this journey, Temptations that could lead me astray; But Jesus will lift up and carry, The children who fall on the way.
3. For Jesus has promised to carry, The poorest and weariest home; So the weakest in faith yet in Jesus, Need never be ever alone.
4. The five wounds of Jesus are open, A haven of rest there for me; When the tempests of earth blow around me, His wounds are fortress for me.
5. A crown of pure righteousness ready, A crown of pure gold waits for me; I’ll wear them when I hear the trumpets, Of Heaven call loudly to me.
6. He also has built me a mansion, A mansion that’s made of pure gold; For Jesus prepared one in Heaven, For the weak and the weary and cold.
7. Altho’ often here I am lonely, My cup of thanksgiving o’erflows; For sometimes a glimmer from Heaven, Touches my heart that is cold.
8. When Jesus calls, “Come all my loved ones,” A new day in glory will dawn; Then those who in faith follow Jesus, Will meet at the Altar of God.
60 On The Mountain Of Zion
(tune: 115 UL, Henkensa Antoi Kaikki Kun Loi)
1. On the mountain of Zion my soul is at ease, God’s little flock there is resting in peace; Praising the Lord God for all He has done, For even a sinner because of His Love.
2. Wonderful Jesus so loving and kind, Call His sweet Name He will hear everytime; He came down from Heaven to save me and you, Wonderful Jesus so loving and true.

3. Praise His sweet Name in the congregations, Praise Him each day at the rising of sun; Let not the sun set in vain for His Name, When darkness arrives keep praising His Name.
4. On the mountain of Zion good tidings I hear, Your warfare is ended so be of good cheer; The veil that divided us all from our God, Was rent from the top to the bottom by Love.
5. Dear Father in Heaven I’m calling to Thee, If I should stumble because I’m weak; Stretch down Thine arm so near to this land, I’ll be revived by the touch of your hand.
61 Blessed Be The Tie That Binds
1. Blessed be the tie that binds, Our hearts in Christian love, The fellowship of kindred minds, Is like to that above.
2. Before our Father’s throne, We pour our ardent prayers; Our fears our hopes our aims are one, Our comfort and our cares.
3. We share our mutual woes, Our mutual burdens bear; And often for each other flows, The sympathizing tear.
4. When we asunder part, It gives us inward pain; But we shall still be joined in heart, And hope to meet again.
62 The Devil Likes To Keep My Sins
1. The devil likes to keep my sins, Near my eyes for me to see; Every little stumble and each misstep, Is in sight with a penalty of death.
2. But I don’t have to care nor fear, In the Book of Life my name’s so clear; And no one else can open it, The Lamb of God has the key to it.
3. And the devil cannot add to it, And no one can subtract from it; It’s written in the Book of Life, The law of Moses ends in Christ.
4. And when we hear the trumpets sound, From Heaven reaching to the ground; It is a signal from above, It’s moving day for those in Love.
5. In my grave of clay I’ll leave, All my troubles all my grief; But my soul will be so glad, To meet my God in the promised land.
6. Every reason for my tears, I’ll forget amid the cheers; With cups that overflow their brim, The chosen ones unite to sing.
7. I wonder how the Prodigal Son, Will feel up there when he is crowned; I just wonder what I’ll say, On that great communion day.
8. The betrayer’s hand is there no more, He has no lot on the peaceful shore; The enemy has been cost out, From the place where the children sing and shout.

9. There even I with a tongue so weak, Will start to praise on the crowning seat; The Love that first was born from God, The everlasting staff and rod.
10. The commandment that we most adore, Is to love our neighbor one and all; Love alone has the power to, Mend the maimed and make them new.
11. Here we all are walking yet, In faith and hope that can’t forget; Our home in Heaven is so bright, There will never be no night.
63 In Jesus Arms I Am So Safe
1. In Jesus arms I am so safe, I’ll hide myself in His embrace, The strength and mercy in His blood, Which flowed from our own Saviour’s side; Open to us are all His wounds, In time of war and peace alike, The place of freedom free from fear, He gave to us His children dear.
2. Beneath the cross of Calvary, Victorious we shall ever be, To us the road is open wide, To Heaven and to Jesus side; Although we’ve often been afraid, And in our troubled journey here; Our faltering steps will fail and stray, Our Jesus seems so far away.
3. But our Saviour stands forever near, Although the skies seem dark and drear, he leads the way and all we do, Is follow Him He’ll see us through; So let’s not fear for He is here, And He shall wipe away the tears; Our soul shall rest in peace and Love, At home at last with God above.
4. Lift up thine eyes look up and see, The wondrous things that soon will be; The call comes through our ears to hear, And Jesus Christ will then appear; Come blessed ones come up with me, I have a home prepared for thee; Our song and thanks will ever be, To God through all eternity.
64 Look Up My Dear And Bend Your Ears (tune: 111 UL, Mina Tiedan Kodin)
1. Look up my dear and bend your ears, The bugle soundeth soon; Discard your cares and all your fears, All’s right we’ll soon be home.
2. Let those poor souls who do not know, Of faith’s reward here rush; They’ll find their work is all for naught, Such waste is not for us.
3. But Heaven’s doors are open wide, For all who see the light; Almighty God thank Thee for all, The Love for such as I.
4. Let’s all stay calm our shelter’s sound, No harm can reach our cove; In Jesus’ wounds we’ll snugly rest, Though storms will come and go.
5. So Hark! Let’s watch for the chariots, This world can have its own; If taunts and jeers were all we got, Soon they will change their tune.
6. But we will never have the time, To even glance behind, At home we will rejoicingly, Hallelujah sing divine.

7. So thanks to Him I’m glad He’s chosen, Even little me, Deserve it? No, I’m sure I don’t, But accept it gratefully.
8. My heart’s so full my throat is choked, How fortunate are we; But God alone knew whom to choose, I’m glad He’s chosen me.
9. So Amen Amen I’m content, More I could never ask; Just waiting now I’m looking up, Goodbye with joy at last.
65 Though I Am So Very Small
1. Though I am so very small, I love Jesus best of all; Just because He first loved me, From all my sins, He set me free.
2. Were He born in a palace grand, With gold and jewels near at hand; I would not dare to enter in, Such wondrous beauty to seek Him.
3. Among the hay with cattle near, He was born so meek and dear; And in the stable where He lay, I dare to seek Him and to stay.
4. This Holy little baby boy, Is born our Saviour shout for joy; No price to pay His Love is free, A Christmas gift for you and me.
5. He shouted when upon the Cross, And to some the words were lost; The work is finished it is through, And I heard I know it’s true.
6. Believe in Him whom God has sent, In earnest I my sins repent; And the praises that I sing, Are all I have to offer Him.
7. But I know no work of mine, Could ever those of His outshine; I’ll be content with faith alone, And He will guide my footsteps home.
8. If I saw to each man’s needs, A ladder made of my good deeds, When He from Heaven looked down, He’d still see me upon the ground.
9. I need His Love to make me see, That faith alone will carry me; If the road to home seems long, Remember in the weak He’s strong.
10. No gold or silver do I pay, So how then do I find the way, Why just believe in God’s dear Son, His faith accept the work is done.
66 How Safe It Feels To Travel Home (trans: Ompa Turvallista Kulkea)
1. How safe it feels to travel home, When through this wilderness we roam; When the one who won the war with death, Has blazed the trail for all the rest.
2. If we stumble on our path, He will lift us by the hand; And He renews His promise true, Cling to me I’ll see you through.

3. His beast is there to carry me, And all the wounded to the inn; He pays the keeper from His own, What it costs to save our souls.
4. He greets His own with words of peace, The dead He wakens from their sleep; The Bread of Life He came to break, Into this world for the children’s sake.
5. Soon He’ll take us home to stay, And we’ll forget this weary way; From the darkness here below, To the Holiest we all can go.
6. I will be like in a dream, When Jesus comes to waken me; To see what faith has won for me, And feel the Love that I believed.
7. Oh what wondrous Love that lifted us, From this filthy earthly dust; So we can sing with the multitude, And play our harps that are in tune.
8. How wonderful is the grace of God, On which we stand in faith and love; Ready to leave this stranger’s land, To a wedding of the faultless Lamb.
9. Oh wondrous moment wondrous day, When Jesus calls me by my name; To the peaceful shore where joyously, I’ll take my harp from the willow tree.
10. I hope to know of nothing more, Than Love that binds me to my Lord; And keeps alive eternally, My faith my hope and charity.
11. Simeon held here in his arms, My blessed friend born in a barn; Rejoiced because his eyes had seen, Blessing that lasts eternally.
67 Dear Jesus Here Upon The Way
(trans: 80 UL, Jeesus On Matkakumppanini; E. K. Anderson)
1. Dear Jesus here upon the way, Is ever my companion; Although I wandered far astray, Yet He did not abandon.
2. He knows how weak His children are, And quickly goes to aid them; “Oh come into my guiding arms, Back from the world now hasten.”
3. “Come be repayment for my pains, Come to the Heavenly marriage; No longer pause in sinful ways, Nor in the things that vanish.”
4. O Jesus dearest Bridegroom mine, Where shall I take my refuge; Thy grace is offered all alike, Believers called together.
5. I do not strength enough possess, The proper way to serve Thee; Oh do not weary of me yet, But still my crown preserve me.
6. And unto Thee who hurries now, While here for mercy begging; is clothed in a silken gown, And taken into Heaven.

7. My load of sin it weighed me down, My every joy was lacking; But in that place at last I found, That grief had changed to gladness.
8. Oh what could be that blessed place, Which freed me from my bondage; There rest upon my soul was laid, And peace upon my conscience.
9. There off from me my burden fell, Beneath which I’d been toiling; My bonds they opened of themselves, Which set my heart rejoicing.
10. O blessed cross and grave as well, To Thee yet greater praises; For Thou has done the work Thyself, That I had wholly failed in.
11. We thus on Heaven’s way proceed, At last at home arriving; Since Jesus came to help He’ll not, Leave even me behind Him.
12. Now praises praises Jesus dear, My home I’ll soon be reaching; And up in Heaven then appear, So Amen I’m repeating.
68 Brothers Sisters Do Not Search Your Heart (tune: 58 UL, Älä Rakas Veil Sisko)
1. Brothers sisters do not search your, Heart that’s cold for righteousness; You’ll find only pain and sorrow, Grief and fear and loneliness.
2. Look to Him who is your Saviour, In whose heart burns kindled Love, There is joy and peace forever, Even for the fallen ones.
3. All our sins and all transgressions, Are forgiven in His blood; Washed away and gone forever, Through the work and word of God.
4. What a precious flock the children Who are cleansed by Jesus’ blood; From the world they have been chosen, By the power of His Love.
5. When I know of lack no longer, Then my soul will be released, From these bonds of tribulations, And I’ll enter Heavens peace.
6. Here content one moment longer, Soon your Bridegroom comes for thee; And He’ll take you home to Heaven, Where there’s joy eternally.
7. No more tears of sorrow ever, No more worry no more care; When God’s paradise we enter, Clothed in new raiment there.
8. There a song of Love will echo, Thanks to Him I’ll loudly sing; For releasing me from bondage, That was mine because of sin.
9. All God’s blessed then will join in, One great chorus there one day; Voices blending with the voices, Of the Angels singing praise.
10. Heaven’s riches now are ready, There my righteousness complete; And when all has reached fulfillment, Then my share is given me.

11. Joyfully I’ll bid farewell to, All that’s here on earth below; Joyful is the time of parting, When I hear God’s trumpets blow.
69 Thank God Our Father
(tune: 233 UL, Soi Iainen Kiitos)
1. Thank God our Father thank Him always, For the gift He gave on Christmas Day; No other gift in the whole wide world, Of gold or of silver or even pearls.
2. Could begin to compare with the gift of Love, The Love only Jesus was capable of; When on this earth He carried the cross, And shed His blood to the very last drop.
3. Now who was it shed for but for you and me, No matter how humble or mean we may be; To Him we are pure for we’re washed in His blood, Not an item of sin not even a blot.
4. So lift your head and stand straight and proud, You’ll inherit a mansion and share it with God; Could our lowly thanks begin to show, how grateful we are but we are so slow.
5. So thank Him today that is all He asks, If our tongue is tied we’ll thank Him at last; When the day arrives then face to face, He’ll hear our thanks and endless praise.
70 Blessed You Are In Life And Death
(trans: 248 UL, Autuas On Elamass’ Ja Kuolemass’)
1. Blessed you are in life and death, Bride of Jesus Christ; Since God up in Heaven with His Son, Completed this all in one.
2. That a sinner like I can get to heaven, By faith in Jesus Christ; With blood arrows painting out our road, Dumb ones He will take home.
3. Oh Jesus Christ my dear bridegroom, Your love is unsurpassed Your wounds are my fortress of security, The light in my darkest night.
4. Calm down my soul and be in peace, Safe in the Bridegroom’s wounds; The celestial train has been prepared, To come and take me home.
5. Where the Bridegroom and guest so Heavenly, Will accept so willingly; our friends so dear who in faith have slept, Will meet each other there.
6. Weary and tired from our travels here, With a crown we will be adorned; Before the seat of God and the Lamb, Shining as brilliant gold.
7. That City has been built of gold, Flowing with a crystal stream; Where the Bride and the Bridegroom united, Will celebrate the Wedding Day.
8. We have been invited as bride of the Lamb, To our home in Heaven; There singing of success in happiness, Praising our dear Lord.

9. When my eyes can see this blissfulness, Which by faith alone I can own; My tears are in a golden urn, Gathered safely there.
10. Although many tears on my journey here, Are flooding my road of life; But for a little while we linger here, As strangers on this earth.
71 Short Is The Journey Straight Is The Way
1. Short is the journey straight is the way, Soon we will see that glorious day; Soon we will see our Jesus our own, Soon we will sit at the right of His throne.
2. More honor more prestige could anyone ask, Then the coronation we’ll witness at last; Then you and I the crown will wear, Of rubies and bleeding drops so rare.
3. The groom is waiting my gown pure and white, Was purchased with a very high price; Three days fighting Satan victorious He rose, He paid for your and my wedding clothes.
4. Rejoice and be glad there’s no cause to mourn, Our work was finished by Jesus alone; Sing praises to Him for all the love, He has showered His blessings let fall.
5. In just one flash we’ll all be home, Singing and dancing for evermore; We’ll never be tired we’ll hunger no more, For the love of Jesus will satisfy all.
6. I just can’t wait come Jesus today, I’m ready your waiting so why delay; Oh Jesus dear Jesus my love my own, I’m coming I’m coming, I’m coming home.
72 Blessed Children That Are Gathered
(trans: 1 UL, Armon Lapset Kaikki Taalla; E. Isola)
1. Blessed children that are gathered, Put aside your troubles broad; We’ve no reason to be troubled, Precious is our great reward.
2. There was born a little infant, In the manger in Bethlehem; This gave joy to all the Angels, There assembled in the Heaven.
3. This little infant often mentioned, By the prophets far away; Gave us joy of our salvation, Eternal life for us today.
4. He carried with Him our sickness, broke the staff on Satan’s door; Cared for us in our weakness, Filled the law for evermore.
5. Now we shall have no more burdens, By the law that was before; Our Father up in Heaven, Will remember our sins no more.
6. Yet if we should in our weakness, Fall upon this earthly way, God will find His only Son has, Paid our debt in full today.
7. When Jesus shows His Heavenly Father, Bleeding wounds upon His side; He’ll be pleased at what He sees there, And put all our faults aside.

8. He will into mercy’s ocean, Cast my sins and set me free; God’s own Son in His devotion paid the debt for you and me.
9. That is why on Zion’s Mountain, Echoes “Peace be unto thee;” To His children our Father, Wills us Heaven eternally.
73 A Few More Tears And I Will See
1. A few more tears and I will see, What my God has stored for me, A few more tears and I will see, The Word I heard and I believed.
2. On the day when the Lord comes down, The righteous ones receive their crowns; Glory, Glory, Glory be, To everyone who then believes.
3. When we leave this land where blood is cheap, Believers will not care to see; Where are they who said we’re wrong, They’ll be judged by the Lord of Lords.
4. The Spirit testifies to me, And my soul can even feel, The Hand of God is lifting me, Closer to Him so lovingly.
5. The shells are bursting ‘round us all, But even the weakest will not fall; All their shells will ricochet, Back to them on judgement day.
6. We don’t have to follow man, We follow Jesus hand in hand, Out of the darkness there came light, For the faithful everlasting life.
7. A few more tears and we will see, The one who died on Calvary; Our Father Testified of Him, To all of us to hear ye Him.
8. On the day when Jesus comes, And we will hear the wedding drums; Glory, Glory, Glory be, To everyone who then believes.
74 O Lamb Of God Behold Him
(trans: 181 UL, Katso Karitsa Kun Seiso)
1. O Lamb of God behold Him, upon the Zion Mount, Out from His wounds is flowing, Most precious honey now.
2. He quiet is and tender, His voice is sweet and low; And comfort how to render, His tongue has learned to know.
3. Is ever kind and loving, To children pitiful; Is never cold and haughty, But always beautiful.
4. His face and form are lovely, His head is white like fleece, The only spring of mercy, He is our manna sweet.
5. His raiment rich and gorgeous, With blood is gleaming red; Those children are not orphans, Who suckle at His breast.

6. Beneath His wings protects thee, With light He beautifies; With dew of mercy freshened, Their hearts he now revives.
7. Jesus Mercy Fountain, How sweet to me Thou art; And to my soul art Thou then, The first bright morning star.
8. Let us rejoice O children, Upon this Mount of Peace; For mercy rivers still there, Keep flowing without cease.
9. Now children sailing onward, Upon the mercy flood; Keep singing of the conquest, And of their lover’s blood.
10. ‘Tis noble children’s sleeping, Their bed is soft and warm; And sweet the taste of peace in, Their souls forevermore.
75 It Will Only Be A While
1. It will only be a while, Jesus will come to dry me eyes; Then Heaven’s Glory I will see, Appear so brightly unto me.
2. Then Heaven’s host in that new land, Playing with harps held in their hands; With God above come here to get, The bride of Jesus home to stay.
3. Away from all our enemies, The bride who’s marked with Jesus’ wounds; There Satan’s archers cannot sight, To pierce their darts in children’s hearts.
4. But in this God’s great fire of love, In confidence Thy children rest; And revives the spirit new, With the milk from Mother’s breast.
5. There is joy enough for me, To know my sins are all redeemed; And by faith I understand, In Jesus blood is life for me.
6. The time is very close at hand, When we will enter Heaven’s land; And then for sure the weakest one, Receives the power to thank his God.
7. Then I won’t need to search for words, How then my feeling I’ll convey; Up there I will begin to sing, Eternally with a new tongue.
8. If only with this earthy tongue, It could reveal God’s burning love, A message warm it would convey, So icy hearts would melt away.
76 God Gave Me A Gift So Precious And Dear
1. God gave me a gift so precious and dear, One that will last when I leave from here; The gift of life that I canonized, Jesus Christ has saved my life; And I am thankful for His gift of life.

2. Today in this world of evil and sin, Of dances and parties and other doings; Our Saviour’s birth is thought of in this way, Christmas is made a devil’s holiday; And I am thankful for His gift of life.
3. God placed the babe in a manger to show, The Son of God should come down so low; That He should live this life without sin, Glorious day it should have been; And I am thankful for His gift of life.
4. Kings and high priests tried to kill, The King of kings then, And the King of kings still; Forever to live and never to die, He holds the keys to this home on high; And I am thankful for His gift of life.
5. Our Father is good that He should give, A gift so precious a gift to live; Forever and ever we may rejoice, Our thankful Father will hear our voice; And I am thankful for His gift of life.
6. Believers in Jesus are thankful for, That blessed day so long ago; When this little babe in swaddling clothes, Was placed in the manger to save our souls, And I am thankful for His gift of life.
7. My heart is light when I sing and rejoice, And I know my Father can even hear my voice; Praising the wonderful gift that He has given, He exchanged my sins for a home in Heaven; And I am thankful for His gift of life.
8. It is a comfort for me to know, That the little babe in swaddling clothes, The one who died on Calvary, Will soon be coming here for me; And I am thankful for His gift of life.
77 Look Up Look Up To Jesus
1. Look up look up to Jesus, Look up and you will see; A guiding light called Jesus, Who died for you and me.
2. He died to pay for all our sins, He died to set us free; He suffered and He bled, For our sins on Calvary.
3. We worry and we fret so much, About our troubles here, That we forget to leave it to, The one who is so dear.
4. No need for us to worry, We only have to call, And put our faith in Jesus, For He has done it all.
5. Our works will never save us, No works will never do, It’s faith alone that saves you, Yes faith will see you through.
6. We have a blessed Saviour, On whom we can rely, If this we will remember, Then we will never die.
7. I’m glad I found my Jesus, And He has set me free, So keep your faith is Jesus, With Him some day we’ll be.

78 Our God Is Good Loving And True
1. Our God is good loving and true, With His wisdom He guides us through; Faith hope and charity, Is the only wisdom we will need.
2. Oh how happy they can be, Whose eyes God opened to clearly see; The narrow way from the cross to Home, And stumble not on the cornerstone.
3. We understand now partially, When we greet our brethren with God’s peace; But on the day when the book of life, Is opened up we will know our price.
4. I pray Thee Lord forsake me not, Keep Thy light lit in my heart; Lest the currents of the sea, Might engulf and swallow me.
79 When Jesus Travels Here With Us
(trans: 140 UL, Kun On Jeesus Kumppanina)
1. When Jesus travels here with us, We will never go astray; In His arms He gently bears the child, Who grows weary on the way.
2. Faithfully He carries us until, Safe at home we all arrive; Feeds us with the fruit of Heaven, Makes us drunk with honey wine.
3. And He cares for us so tenderly, That our hearts are filled with cheer; Then our spirits carol joyfully, Praises to our Bridegroom dear.
4. Even here our griefs are all dispelled, When we drink of Heaven’s wine; Birds of passage then keep twittering, Soon at home we shall arrive.
5. There those dark clouds that hide the sun, Never more will rise again; For when Jesus is the sun above, Brightly it does sparkle then.
6. Oh how often here that sun has shown, Radiantly bright and clear; Causing even my unfeeling heart, To be filled with warmth and cheer.
7. And indeed this is my earnest hope, That dear Jesus might ever be; My enjoyment and my sunshine when, Sorrows have encompassed me.
8. Sorrows troubles and temptations too, On this earth are left behind; When the Bridegroom sets a shining crown, On the head of His dear bride.
9. Then there we’ll sing a song of praise, Unto God eternally; Since He has these rigid tongues of ours, From restraining bonds set free.
10. And this is my solemn promise now, When at home I once arrive; That my God will surely hear me then, Ever praise His Name divine.

80 I’m Waiting For That Joyous Day
1. I’m waiting for that joyous day, For Heaven that is mine, Our Heaven is so beautiful, Eternal peace I’ll find.
2. Believing now just waiting here, To meet my Saviour dear; I’ll fall asleep in Jesus’ wounds, Eternal peace I’ll find.
3. It won’t be long I’ll meet you there, And share the joy divine; Believers we will never part, Eternal peace we’ll find.
81 How Wonderful In Heaven It Must Feel
1. How wonderful in Heaven it must feel, To wear a golden crown of victory; And we will see our overflowing cups, Jesus has filled with glad oil just for us.
2. How wonderful in Heaven it must feel, Where all God’s children gather in charity; All doubts of love forever then will cease, When the bride is resting in the Bridegrooms arms in peace.
3. How wonderful in Heaven it must feel, Even our tears are saved eternally; In a golden cup held in the Angel’s hand, Are the tears we shed here in this stranger’s land.
4. How wonderful in Heaven it must feel, God’s chosen ones rejoicing pleasantly; To the tune of the royal wedding march, The children dance with their first love in their hearts.
5. How wonderful in Heaven it must feel, Even my tongue will be released and free; On God’s Altar where the pledge of love is made, Then words unheard of on this earth I’ll say.
6. How wonderful in Heaven it must feel, To see my Jesus who died on Calvary; Who shed His blood and gave His precious life, And He set me free to walk in His marvelous light.
7. One day I’ll surely find the words to say, How it will feel to be the Bride of Christ; The echo of the harps I’ll start to hear, The time to go to the wedding is now here.
8. If this would be the last of weary days, When the enemy can accuse me on my way; And hear my Jesus calling tenderly, “My loved one spread your wings and fly to me.”
82 Blessed Assurance, Jesus Is Mine
1. Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine! O what a foretaste of glory divine! Heir of salvation, purchase of God, Born in His Spirit, washed in His blood.
Chorus: This is my story, this is my song, Praising my Saviour all the day long; This is my story, this is my song, Praising my Saviour all the day long.
2. Perfect submission, perfect delight, Visions of rapture now burst on my sight; Angels descending bring from above, Echoes of mercy, whispers of love. Chorus:

3. Perfect submission, all is at rest, I in my Saviour am happy and blest, Watching and waiting, looking above, Filled with His goodness, lost in his love. Chorus:
83 God Gives Me Hope And Strength
1. God gives me hope and strength and peace, When I just call for Him; With tenderness He answers me, “your faith renewed shall be”.
Chorus: He answers me, Rejoice today; Forever thankful be, For Christ is now within your heart, When you accept His Word.
2. When bondage on this path I feel, It is but for a while; For God’s own word did so reveal that Satan tries his wile. Chorus:
3. Believer’s all Oh let’s not stray, Nor search own righteousness, For he’s the way the truth the light, Let’s just believe it’s so. Chorus:
4. Let’s call on Him for comfort then, For surely He does care, Give praises to our Lord above, For gift beyond compare. Chorus:
5. The rugged cross seems lighter now, With hope and strength and peace; I thank my God for showing me, The marvel of His love. Chorus:
84 On This Road Of Life I Travel
1. On this road of life I travel, Many troubles will occur; War is raging storm clouds blowing, As I wait for dawn of peace.
2. Many of my friends and brothers, They did cast me to the side; Jesus also is forsaken, New religion they did find.
3. In your Word I read the promise, Of eternal life for me; On your word dear Saviour Jesus, Trust I will though what they say.
4. For the call I am awaiting, If to home soon I could come; If today you cannot make it, May it be tomorrow then.
5. Believers in the days of by-gone, Won the fight by faith alone; And though often they were worried, Shaken by the devils storms.
6. All my lifetime in my travels, Devil preaches doubts and fears; Jesus tells me not to worry, Put all your trust and faith in Me.
7. Keys are still in my possession, For the Heaven’s Kingdom door; And once the door that I have opened, No one dares to close for me.
8. Child of mercy be ye cheerful, I’m already on my way, Then your troubles all have ended, When at last I call you home.

9. Then at last I’ll realize it, What the faith had meant for me; When above the clouds dear Jesus, I’ll join you there and ever be.
85 A Song Of My Home I Am Singing (trans: 163 UL, Nyt Kodista Laulun Mina)
1. A song of my home I am singing; A home that’s eternally mine; With all of God’s Holiest Angels, I’ll leave all my worries behind.
2. That home is not here in this world, Indeed it is further away, Here I am but only a burden, There tears will be ended one day.
3. Jesus and all of my loved ones, I know when at home I will see; Those wonderful wonderful children, In Heaven all waiting for me.
4. In Heaven my heart will be praising, And tears will be falling no more; The pleasures of earth often tempt me, For nothing can keep me from home.
5. Down here I am often exhausted, My eyes often blurred with a tear; My hope is that soon I’ll be lifted, Away from my troubles and fear.
86 Thank Ye Jesus Every Soul
1. Thank ye Jesus every soul, The birds and trees and grass that grows; Thank the one who gave His life, And came to be our guiding light; our tongue will never tired be, In thanking Jesus eternally; He comforts us here on our way, With Father’s Spirit every day.
2. Thank ye Jesus sing and shout, Hear it from the suckling mouth; That the one nailed to a tree, Gave His life for you and me; our tongue will never tired be, To thank the one Simeon has seen; When he caressed the wonder Child, And bid this world a glad good-bye.
3. Thank ye Jesus one and all, Lift up your weary arms once more, Thank the one who drenched in blood, Did pray for every one of us; No tongue from thanking will ever cease, When we remember what He did; That blessedness is now so near, Greetings of peace we clearly hear.
4. Thank Him always on the way, He came to free the burdened slave; He will not tarry very long, To keep His promise to us all; In brightness of everlasting day, Even the morning star will praise; In the Holy of the Holiest, We’ll thank Him for our blessedness.
87 The Birth We Have In Jesus
1. The birth we have in Jesus, This birth it comes from God; And we do live forever, For we are born of God.
2. For those who’re in the world, And don’t believe in this birth; For they are dead already, Because of unbelief.

Chorus: I hear the Angels singing, I hear the Heaven’s band; This music comes from Heaven, From this our promised land.
3. God’s own seed is planted, In soil where it may grow; This seed will then start sprouting, So rich in Jesus blood.
4. These branches often whimper, And they begin to sway, But we feel this breeze from Heaven, To show us the truth and the way.
Chorus: I hear the Angels singing, I hear the Heaven’s band; This music comes from Heaven, From this our promised land.
5. It’s hard for this mind to figure, And try to comprehend; For this mind is for the flesh, And this spirit is for our God.
6. The world it won’t accept it, Because they don’t believe; Jesus has done the work and, Fulfilled it in His blood.
Chorus: I hear the Angels singing, I hear the Heaven’s band; This music comes from Heaven, From this our promised land.
7. Those who were before us, And believed the way we do; Will meet them on the shores of Heaven, And our Jesus too.
8. This power we get from Heaven, This power we get from God; You have to be God’s child, To feel this wonderful Love.
Chorus: I hear the Angels singing, I hear the Heaven’s band; This music comes from Heaven, From this our promised land.
9. So the world which is in darkness, May also see the light; God’s children’s light is burning, And have it in their heart.
10. The war will then be ended, When we get tot hat shore; We’ll see our Saviour Jesus, And meet him at the door.
Chorus: I hear the Angels singing, I hear the Heaven’s band; This music comes from Heaven, From this our promised land.
11. This ship will soon be anchored, Anchored on that shore; there we’ll stay forever, And live forevermore.
12. If sometimes we do wonder, What purpose we have here; It’s for to bear these fruits, And bring new seed for our Lord.
Chorus: I hear the Angels singing, I hear the Heaven’s band; This music comes from Heaven, From this our promised land.
13. So if we have to suffer, While we are on this earth; So let us not be troubled, We have it with this birth.

14. So let us keep believing, And remain here in His Word; So when the day of earth’s redemption, We can greet our Lord.
Chorus: I hear the Angels singing, I hear the Heaven’s band; This music comes from Heaven, From this our promised land.
88 Indeed I Am A Blessed Child
1. Indeed I am a blessed child, In traveling through this land; For God in His love has lifted me, To glory with His hand.
2. My aching heart is yearning for, The Bridegroom to appear; And call me to my blessed home, From this air to cold and drear.
3. I’m watching toward the Eastern sky, Should the Bridegroom come today; So I can join with the Angel choir, To sing of victory.
4. My stubborn heart will start to praise, In joyful thanks to Thee; And God will dress my soul with wings, To fly to eternity.
5. My corruption weighs my spirit down, And Satan’s willing ways; I will exchange my cross for a crown, That golden wedding day.
6. At home I’ll not remember this, That I have fought a war; I’ll play my harp so merrily, Praising my blessed Lord.
7. A day will come when I can say, Farewell to this raging world; I’ll join to sing with the Angel’s throng, In eternal victory.
89 Oh How Lonely I Am Here
1. Oh how lonely I am here, In this wicked world below; How I’m hoping every day, He’ll come and get me home.
2. When I think of my dear Christ, And what’s all up there in store; Deep in my heart I want to sing, My soul to Him to pour.
3. The harps and drums are playing now, And their music’s coming near; Hark I hear it closer yet, He’s coming soon down here.
4. To get His tired weary ones, Who are crawling on the path; Their calling Jesus Name for they, Are trying their plane to catch.
5. The plane that’s name is Jesus Christ, It is shining like the sun; Do not fear He will not leave, His weakest little one.
6. Their tears have all been falling in, That most precious golden cup; Which will all be wiped away, When we with Jesus sup.

7. How happy I am going to be, Among the Angels throng; That day when I do fly and get, In Jesus arms so strong.
8. How I wish tomorrow morn’, Would be my wedding day; When He will say “Come now my child, For’er with me to stay”.
90 Grace For A Sinner Mercy Reprieve
1. Grace for a sinner mercy reprieve, Blessed forgiveness only believe; All is fulfilled came word from above; Five wounds of Jesus, Promise of Love.
2. God in His wisdom gave us His Son, Life everlasting for us is won; All is fulfilled came word from above; Five wounds of Jesus, Promise of Love.
3. Cast all your worries troubles and sin, Jesus will carry do let Him in; All is fulfilled came word from above; Five wounds of Jesus, Promise of Love.
4. How can I thank Him weary and wane, Glory to Jesus praise Him again; All is fulfilled came word from above; Five wounds of Jesus, Promise of Love.
5. Faith is renewed now Jesus I pray, Loving forgiveness even today; All is fulfilled came word from above; Five wounds of Jesus, Promise of Love.
6. Wonderful Saviour burden relieve, Hope for the weakest only believe; All is fulfilled came word from above; Five wounds of Jesus, Promise of Love.
91 When Often On This Road Through Life
1. When often on this road through life, The way is strange and filled with strife; I reach up my hand His hand to hold, He’ll lead me on to the gates of gold.
Chorus: He makes the rough road smooth the crooked straight, And He leads my feet through the narrow gate.
2. And when I reach the other side, There stands my Jesus arms open wide; What will I say when I see His face, Shining like the sun and filled with grace. Chorus:
3. I will surely know I am home at last, My struggles ended my sorrows past; There’ll be no more sin no tears no pain, And we’ll never have to part again. Chorus:
4. There I’ll sing songs with a joyous voice, And with the Angels to rejoice; When the trumpets sound and I hear Him say, Come to me my blessed it’s my great day. Chorus:
5. Just have faith that’s all you need, Jesus paid our debt in one big deed; Just reach up your hand His hand to hold, He’ll lead you too through the gates of gold. Chorus:

92 The Gates Of Heaven Are Open
1. The gates of Heaven are open, Are open for you and me; Just keep your faith in Jesus, For he is the one with the key.
2. So believe your sins forgiven, To live eternally, So children small in this world, Are big in this new land.
3. So children who in Jesus, Do not have to understand, So there we’ll meet our Jesus, And walk with Him hand in hand.
Chorus: So ring the bells of Heaven, So ring them every day, For soon we’ll see our Jesus, So let’s be on our way.
4. So keep your faith in Jesus, And keep your love for God; For there in that new homeland, We will sing and praise our God.
5. This world with all it’s trouble, This world with all it’s tears, For the children of God are waiting, For the bells they want to hear.
6. And when we get to Heaven, This sin will be left behind, For then with that new body; We will then brightly shine.
Chorus: So ring the bells of Heaven, So ring them every day, For soon we’ll see our Jesus, So let’s be on our way.
7. There we’ll be as jewels, And Jesus will be the light, So keep your faith in Jesus, For He’ll be our guiding light.
8. Our time on earth is short here, But our time in Heaven is long; So let us keep on waiting, And soon we’ll sing that song.
9. This Heaven with all it’s beauty, This Heaven that is our home; This Heaven is for the children, Who do believe in God.
Chorus: So ring the bells of Heaven, So ring them every day, For soon we’ll see our Jesus, So let’s be on our way.
10. And when we reach that homeland, We will rejoice once more, The cup will be overflowing, This new wine from our Lord.
11. We’ll never be in hunger, We’ll never be in thirst, We’ll drink from those living fountains, That are flowing from our Lord.
12. And we’ll rest in God’s green pastures, And we’ll lie awake in peace; We’ll know we are in Jesus, For we’ll see Him with His sheep.
Chorus: So ring the bells of Heaven, So ring them every day, For soon we’ll see our Jesus, So let’s be on our way.

13. This flock will not be scattered, As we’ll be in our new home; And the devil with all his angels, Will be left here below.
14. This word of God is sharper, Than any two-edged sword, And if we are in Jesus, We are also in His Word.
15. Those who don’t accept it, Are lost out in the storm, For the children of God are lucky, To be gathered with the Lord.
16. So let us keep believing, We’re free from all our sins; And the gates of Heaven are open, So we can go right in.
Chorus: So ring the bells of Heaven, So ring them every day, For soon we’ll see our Jesus, So let’s be on our way.
93 Jesus, Jesus My Lord And Saviour
1. Jesus Jesus my Lord and Saviour, He watches over me for I am His Lamb; This He will do for you as for me; He is our Lord and Saviour.
2. Jesus Jesus my Lord and Saviour, As He knocks on my door I will let Him in; Any troubles I have will be borne by Him; He is our Lord and Saviour.
3. Jesus Jesus my Lord and Saviour, He travels with me He is my light; He takes my troubles with delight; He is our Lord and Saviour.
4. Jesus Jesus my Lord and Saviour, I pray to Him and He answers my call; he brings peace and rest to me within; He is our Lord and Saviour.
5. Jesus Jesus my Lord and Saviour, He has promised me everlasting life; Believing in Him will warm a cold heart; He is our Lord and Saviour.
6. Jesus Jesus my Lord and Saviour, He’s given His life and taken my sins; the cross He bore was done for me; He is our Lord and Saviour.
7. Jesus Jesus my Lord and Saviour, Asks that we all believe on His name; And join Him then on judgement day; He is our Lord and Saviour.
94 Down Here Upon This Wilderness
(trans: 236 UL, Talla Usein Korpinmaata Kulkeissaan Sylvia Niemi)
1. Down here upon this wilderness wherein I roam, Dark foreboding clouds so often hide my Home; But when Jesus by His Spirit cheers my heart, Then the skies are bright again the clouds depart.
2. Then I see the shores of Home serenely fair, Shining as the sun oh land beyond compare; Thanks to Thee oh Jesus dear will be my song, When He gave for me the call to come along.

3. Then in Heaven’s homeland how my song shall ring, When the tears of sorrow can no longer sting; Father gently wipes away the final tear, So the bride can clearly see her Jesus dear.
4. Jesus dear your lowly bride keeps waiting here, For the blessed calling she so longs to hear; Then she is prepared and fully free to sing, Leaving this dark world beyond remembering.
5. Then in Heaven’s wedding hall my song rings out, Praises to the Lamb I then can sing and shout; When He came to get me from this foreign place, Made me His forever by His bond of grace.
6. Not a tear of sorrow then shall ever flow, And the heavy storm-winds can no longer blow; There is perfect calm and air so sweetly clear, The Bride rejoices singing with her Bridegroom dear.
95 That Great Wide Ocean Of Mercy
(trans: 150 UL, Tuo Armon Lasinen Meri; Sylvia Niemi)
1. That great wide ocean of mercy, Is filled with joy sublime; The chosen flock there rejoices, To praise the Lamb divine.
2. Oh what a blessedness joyous, The Bride is carried Home; And ended all are the trials, And vict’ry she can own.
3. The Bride is wearing her headdress, While on her Bridegroom’s arm; And wiped away is all sorrow, She feels no tears no alarm.
4. But sings in melody joyous, In praises to the Lamb; Who by His heart-blood so precious, Betrothed her for His own.
5. Rejoice oh ye child of the Father, Your sins forgiven are; The law so demanding and heavy, Is all fulfilled on the cross.
6. Down here in this valley of sorrow, Begin your song of praise; For soon you also can enter, The gates of Paradise.
96 I’m Looking Up Towards Golgatha
1. I’m looking up towards Golgatha, And hearing Jesus call; The children’s debt has now been paid, The law fulfilled in all.
2. Oh isn’t it a precious Word, There’s grace for one and all; Who’er by faith has peace attained, Will listen to its call.
3. This gives the children perfect joy, This trumpet-call of peace; No longer are the captives bound, And the children all are free.
4. This vict’ry still on Golgatha, Shines brightly as the sun; The banner that was lifted up, When once the war was won.

5. Oh why then should I ever doubt, My way to Heaven leads; A moment longer I’ll believe, And enter into peace.
6. This also testifies to me, The Father in the Son; Which has been stamped upon my heart, To live there come what come.
7. And one day He will lift me up, To Heaven’s joyous ways; And the hope of Faith will then come true, In the midst of those who praise.
97 Come With Me To Golgatha Now
(trans: Kay Nyt Kansan Golgatalle; Otto Hietala)
1. Come with me to Golgatha now, Come to hear and come to see; how our Bridegroom to the Cross was, Nailed from the hands and feet; All His wounds are open wide now, From where His blood is flowing free; Those deep rivers of His grace now, Are given to revive your soul..
2. Come close to the wounds of Jesus, Come and see how His blood flows; Come and see His bloody sweat drops, Sprinkling from His crown of thorns; Suffering is His soul and body, Pain He feels is very great; but His heart is overflowing, With His burning Love for us.
3. This gift of grace the Lord is telling, Even to His murderers; While the nails are penetrating, Through His flesh into the cross; His burning Love for us is glowing, Even though the pains of death; So come all who are repentant, He has forgiveness for even you.
4. There you’ll find a consolation, For your troubled worried heart; Enlightenment for all your sorrows, Peaceful rest there for your soul; The Lord’s loving gaze will break through, Our cold and hardened heart; When upon the cross He calls out, Everything is now fulfilled.
5. Jesus dearest our Bridegroom, Let forever open be, Your Holy wounds of healing for us, For those of us who long for them; So from them I will be strengthened, In all my troubles and my cares; Then I will forever thank you, When I arrive in Paradise.
98 O Brothers Sisters Be Ye Glad To Know
(trans: 132 UL, Oi Veljet Siskot Iloitkaat; E.K. Anderson)
1. O brothers sisters be ye glad to know that, The coming of the Lord it soon approacheth; For now the signs of time distinctly call, That Jesus cometh and fulfilleth all.
2. When they a prophecy from Him requested, Unto His own this sign He manifested; When messages of wars ye shall receive, My coming it doth signify indeed.
3. When nation shall arise to conquer nation, And kingdom doth on kingdom make invasion; oh lift up they heads and look on high, Thy wedding day is quickly drawing nigh.
4. But follow not the way of foolish virgins, Who go with lamps in which no oil is burning; While markets are yet open go and buy, And fill thy vessels should the Lord arrive.

5. Because too late for oil it is to go then, When mercy markets are no longer open; And aid to give the wiser do not dare, For fear they will not have enough to spare.
6. When virgins wise the bridegroom’s marriage enter, The door of Heaven He doth shut forever; And though the foolish then indeed do knock, To them it shall eternally be locked.
7. They thereupon begin excuses making, Unto the Lord their deeds of good relating; We ate and drank in company with Thee, And surely we must Thine own people be.
8. But their defense it will no longer help them, Into the deepest hell they must descend then; Depart from me ye evil doers all, Not one of you do ever I recall.
9. I know you not the Lord to them replieth, For in my teachings ye have not abideth; Upon my mercy looked ye with contempt, Although to Heaven sought ye to ascend.
10. The righteous then His praises keep repeating, The harvest of the spirit gladly reaping; While with His Love the Bridegroom maketh drunk, And leadeth us where rivers run.
11. There’ll be no tears of loneliness to grieve us, When hosts of Holy Angels come to greet us; In Heaven’s choirs then we’ll harmonize, For joy because the Bride has home arrived.
99 Come Soon Beloved Jesus
(trans: 281 UL, Tule Pian Herra Jeesus)
1. Come soon beloved Jesus, Thy chosen ones to get; From this world so cold and dreary, To a land so warm and fair.
2. For Thee I am so lonely, I’m waiting here in hope; And often I am sighing, In yearning for my home.
3. You have promised me Lord Jesus, To always guide my way; ‘Tho Satan in his power, Oft’ causes me dismay.
4. For Heaven’s home I’m lonely, For the Lord I’m waiting here; I know for sure that Jesus, Will get me home from here.
5. Soon our hearts embraced together, The Bridegroom and the Bride; The Lord will warm my heart up, With His great Love divine.
6. Ah Hosianna thank Thee, A new song will begin; Rejoicing here already, ‘Cause Jesus is my friend.
7. This wedding seal is given, In Heaven one great day; The wedding seat is ready, In Paradise for me.

8. Then in the heaven’s treasures, With Jesus by my side; Who bought me with His blood drops, So I can be His bride.
9. This gives me such great pleasure, This joy will know no end; In Heaven will be gathered, Only God’s chosen ones.
10. And this is also promised, Our reward will then be great; When we have entered Heaven, In through the Golden Gate.
11. Oh our beloved Jesus, Prepared a home for us; And with His greatest Glory, his own He beautified.
12. My trail on earth will end soon, The doors will open wide; I know that I’ll be happy, When we meet at eventide.
13. He will also give me new words, To a lasting song for’er; That are written oh so glorious, Into my heart up there.
14. Farewell I wish to say then, To all my worldly cares; Our hearts will glow with warmth when, We meet each other there.
100 O Zion’s Hosts Of Battle
(trans: 20 UL, Siionin Sata Lauma; E.K. Anderson)
1. O Zion’s hosts of battle now hasten here to gaze, Upon the bleeding Bridegroom and how He suffers pain; Unquenched His love remaineth though from distress intense, upon His face He falleth in sweat of blood bedrenched.
2. Above still brightly shining that bleeding banner flows, And blossoms yet that lovely celestial Sharon rose; To battle as a hero the cross He now ascends; His wounds thus life eternal achieving for the dead.
3. So pleading now for mercy beneath the cross I kneel, On which dear Jesus died in exceeding agony; Those sacred wounds are flowing as mercy rivers yet, New Life bestowing always upon the penitent.
4. The feeling of corruption how heavily it weighs, But in the cross is freedom let there thine eyes by raised; Our Lord the ripened berries has trodden down for us, Alone the wine press trampled the serpent’s head He crushed.
5. The vineyard of the Lord may it ever fruitful thrive, And all the fox be caught who eternal life despise; May still the rain of mercy from Jesus’ wounds descend; Upon the barren hearts and deliver us from death.
6. A dwelling place for children already is prepared, within the verdant wine tree where lowly souls repair; And here we can to Jesus now warble songs of praise, Behold the land of peace that is given us through grace.

101 Brothers And Sisters Dearest
(trans: 138 UL, Veljet Ja Sisaret, Kaykamme; Sylvia Niemi)
1. Brothers and sisters dearest, Come let us gaze upon; Our precious loving Jesus, Laid in a lowly stall.
2. How in His heart He carries, All of His children here; Tenderly shares His mercy, In this dark vale of tears.
3. Just as a loving mother, Will not forsake her own; but on her breast will comfort, Her sobbing child her own.
4. So Jesus by His Spirit, All of His own revives; By His own blood so precious, From sin vast grace is mine.
5. Oh what redeeming power, In Jesus blood divine; Oh what vast mercy given, Oh what vast grace is mine.
6. Now even little children, Cease from their sorrowing; When they behold their Saviour, Who in a manger lies.
7. In God’s great lap of mercy, Brothers and sisters dear; Safely we leave each other, While we are traveling here.
8. Watch o’er us tender Shepherd, Merciful God above; Under Thy breast of mercy, Keep us within Thy Love.
9. Reveal unto us the vict’ry, In Thy deep wounds of Love; So that when doubts beset us, They will not overcome.
10. Down here no lasting city, No place to call our own; My spirit still keeps yearning, For Zion’s Glory-home.
11. Thanks unto our good Shepherd, Now I will sing to Thee; When Thou Thy flock are leading, Into Thy pastures green.
12. In Thy great loving kindness, Thou hast revealed Thy face; While in Thy wounds so Holy, Lies our redeeming grace.
13. Oh may Thy name so Holy, And Thy great love and care; be greatly praised and honored, In lowly hearts for’er.
14. Shelter within Thy mercy, This tender flock so small; that we may reach the Harbor, In safety one and all.
15. Bless now oh dearest Father, Our spirits God divine; Under Thy bleeding cross now, All of our souls revive.
16. If for the very last time, Here we shall have to part; Soon we will sing in Glory, Sing with a fre-er heart.

17. Sing out our “Hallelujah,” Unto the Lamb sublime; Praising the loving Father, Our Beloved God Divine.
102 When Bells Above Calling Us
(trans: 128 UL, Kun Kutsumuskellomme; E.K. Anderson)
1. When bells above calling us only once peal, That “Come ye” which Jesus now voices; And shining from Eden the dawn is revealed, My head I shall bow down rejoicing; Forever the face on the Lamb to behold, Through His grace I’m allowed to go.
2. This battle if only we follow the Lamb, Will end in our triumph and quickly; A fate that’s undying already we have, Although to the wise we seem foolish; However the Lord did the world overcome, And He told us on that to trust.
3. O blessed the time and the people who can, Hear words of forgiveness yet spoken; Thus daughters of Zion by turn in the dance, Keep singing this melody over; “Fulfilled by the Lamb it is now all complete, So my brother from care be free.”
4. O beautiful time and most wonderful land, Where purest white roses are growing; Thus innocent blood now a victory has, And sorrows fall off from the roses; Content let us be all the days we are here, For our wedding is drawing near.
5. That creature is wretched and cowardly who. Of innocent blood is unheeding; Put Jesus our fingers to fight for the truth, And bridle our tongues by Thy preaching; Now comrades with joy in the battle remain, He who conquers a crown will gain.
6. When bells above calling us only once peal, That music from Heaven arising; The flock of redeemed will be able to see, How great is the Golgatha triumph; And then our oppressors will know fully well, What is meant by those ringing bells.
103 On A Journey Here We Travel
(trans: 87 UL, Matkalla Me Olemme; E.K. Anderson)
1. On a journey here we travel, As toward home we go along; Though with foes compelled to battle, Jesus is our refuge strong.
2. Dipped in blood the robes upon Him, And a pure white horse astride; On ahead our King He marches, Name on vesture and on high.
3. Pure white horses have they likewise, They who follow in His trail; Finest linen their attire, Foreheads written with His name.
4. Precious is this band of soldiers, Even though ‘tis held in scorn, By the world it’s great opponent, Always made to suffer wrong.
5. But to be assured of triumph, Let us with our King remain; On the cornerstone of Zion, Let us whet our weapon blades.

6. We beneath the bleeding banner, Who allegiance have declared; Still courageous let us battle, Steadfast even unto death.
7. In the whole of warfare armor, May we always be arrayed; For the enemy he charges, Anywhere a move we make.
8. Shield of faith and sword of spirit, Let us keep them shining bright; Shoes on feet on head a helmet, Girded with the truth and right.
9. Let us boldly marching forward, With our King proceed ahead; For our Hero goes before us, Who has garments bleeding red.
10. Let us fight a little longer, There is now no time to sleep; Soon the trumpet will be calling, Loud and clear the cry of peace.
11. Death the final fortress captured, We can lay our weapons down; And be then received with rapture, To the land where peace abounds.
12. Oftentimes through tribulation, We are here compelled to meet; Still up there our great repayment, Has no end eternally.
104 In Jesus Arms Secure And Blest
(trans: 76 UL, Jeesuksen Helmassa Turvassa On)
1. In Jeesus arms secure and blest, Therein I hide myself to rest; By virtue of the mercy tide, That rises from His wounded side.
2. Those wounds of His unclosed remain, In time of peace and war the same; While cities free they are as well, The rubies red of Israel.
3. Beneath the bleeding cross who keep, Victorious will always be; For there the way is opened wide, That leads direct to paradise.
4. Although the fear I often know, Perhaps I shall in journey’s woes; Exhausted on the way be dropped, And left behind from Shepherd’s arms.
5. But that the Shepherd will not do, Though Heaven’s light a while I lose; Am only poor and good for naught, My faith and hope they feeble are.
6. So brother mine from doubt forbear, Away with fear do not despair; For strength anew thy soul will know, Again with rapture overflow.
105 Home Of Mine Is Up In Heaven
(trans: 108 UL, Kotoni On Taivahassa, E.K. Anderson)
1. Home of mine is up in Heaven, There I long to go from here; For my heart is always heavy, In this air so cold and drear.

2. Sorrows weigh upon the spirit, As I travel with the cross; But my hope is still uplifted, To the rapture shore above.
3. Jesus dearest wilt Thou let me, Always in Thy Love abide; So that I shall not forget Thee, As Thou tarry yet a while.
4. Render to my heart the courage, Ever faithful to remain; Keep the hope of life eternal, Burning in my breast aflame.
5. On the way I wait with longing, For the hour to arrive; When the bridegroom will be coming, In the Glory of His might.
6. Then I know that I shall enter, From the troubles of the road; To my Father’s home in Heaven, Into glorious repose.
7. I am therefore to the wedding, Of the Lamb prepared to come; Since the garments I am wearing, Have been washed all white in blood.
8. So no fear I’ll have at judgement, Since the Bridegroom’s robe is mine; And my name is writ among them, Who are in the book of life.
106 I’m Now On My Way To The Homeland
(trans: 239 UL, Kotimaahan Matkalla; E.K. Anderson)
1. I’m now on my way to the homeland, And singing of Him as I go; I yearn for the Bridegroom to come here, And take me away to my home.
2. For here I am only a stranger, My pathway is covered with tears; But I hide in the wounds of my Saviour, And there I can drop all my fears.
3. Here sorrow and care round me gather, Beneath them I fear I shall die; And yet in the arms of the Father, Is borne one so worthless as I.
4. The child at the breast of its mother, With milk of pure mercy is fed; So why yet in fear do I falter, And why do I shiver with dread.
5. His arms are a comfort in sorrow, For the weary a haven of rest; We fly there and just like the sparrow, Find peace from the storm in our nest.
6. Not a soul from His arms can be wrested, The simplest is not left alone; But carried on safe through the tempest, The ship will be anchored at home.
7. So sister and brother beloved, A moment the battle will rave, Soon bugles of war will be sounded, The armistice then to proclaim.
8. When dawn of the new day is lighted, The morning will give out it’s ray; When music of Heaven is sounded, The bride will be taken away.
9. With lips that are holy He calls her, “My Father’s beloved come home;” And into the lap of the Father, The bride up to Heaven is borne.

10. And there she’ll forget she was lowly, The past it will never recur; Her soul will no longer be lonely, The Bridegroom will satisfy her.
11. A crown she receives from her Lover, Her crown it pure golden will shine; She never again will be sober, When once she has tasted of wine.
107 Jesus Dearest Who Acquitted
(trans: 6 UL, Jeesus Rakas Joka Moksoit; E.K. Anderson)
1. Jesus dearest who acquitted, Our enormous sinning debt; Heavy was the cross of guilt that, Thou didst take upon Thyself; Hunt ye up this man heroic, In the vale of Sharon-Him; Who as He with cross was going, Kingdom for Himself did win.
2. When He first in midnight garden, Struggled fearfully with death; Sinking down to mire’s bottom, Blood of agony did sweat; Now arise ye Father’s flock yet, And on Jesus turn thy sight; Who a bleeding bath did suffer, Lonely in the garden’s night.
3. All the awful waves of hatred, Over Jesus’ body rolled; Belialic waters weighted, Fear of death assailed His soul; Let us all awake from sleeping, Now a mighty show takes place; Jesus sins of ours redeeming, Down upon His bleeding face.
4. Then the cry “Dear Father help me,” From the deepest depths arose; So on Him the mouth of well He, Father dearest would not close; Now arise ye all ye debtors, Look on Him who paid the debt; Little child under pressure, See how Jesus loves ye yet.
5. From His praying place arising, Which with blood was wholly wet; He remembered His disciples, Tried to rouse them as they slept; “Now awakens from thy slumber, Can ye not yet watch and pray;” Then did Judas come with numbers, Him a prisoner to take.
6. Warlike army with their weapons, Who by Judas then were led; Came prepared with swords and staves and, Also torches flaming red; Came prepared with ropes made strongly, Hands the innocent to tie; Those are all our sins and wrongs which, Blameless hand so cruelly bind.
7. Meek and gentle as a Lamb He, Went along without a word; Led by awful mob in anger, To the judges to be heard; Was accused on charges falsely, Cuffed on ear and buffeted; Spat upon with mocking taunting, Judgement was “condemned to death.”
8. Voices shouted without stopping, “Crucify Him Crucify; Throw a crown of thorns upon Him, By the law He has to Die”; Priests and people kept on crying, “He hath said that He is King, And our government denying, Caesar tribute did forbid”.
9. Pilate then against his conscience, Judgement wrongful did decree; To protect his name and honor, Set the wicked robber free; Hunt ye up this man heroic, In the Vale of Sharon-Him; Who as He with cross was going, Kingdom for Himself did win.
10. He arrives in Golgatha now, Mighty bearer of the cross; After Him yet let us follow, Where we too can hear the call; “Now it all is fully finished, Heaven’s doors are opened wide; Work of peace is now completed, Scripture filled as prophesied.”

11. So triumphant keep on singing, Zion’s little purchased band; In a moment we’ll be given, Victory palms into our hands; Crown is pressed upon our heads then, In the land of Salem New; Where we’ll join with all the blessed, Hallelujah singing too.
108 To The Land Of Peace Above Us
(trans: 94 UL, Rauhan Maahan Ylahalle; E.K. Anderson)
1. To the land of peace above us, There I want to go; From this air all filled with sorrow, :: Longing fills my soul ::
2. Here the storm is always seething, On the sea below; And we’ll never find it peaceful, :: ‘Till the shore at home ::
3. Often thickest fogs arising, Overtake us here; Oceans mists our pathway hiding, :: Fill our hearts with fear ::
4. Oftentimes against us rolling, Dash the angry waves; When the heavy headwinds blowing, :: Drive into our sails ::
5. Often there arises weather, That we are afraid; Yet we do not want directly, ::Jesus to awake ::
6. But when all our strength and power, Start to ebb away; Then we are compelled to shout and, :: Call upon His Name ::
7. To our side then swiftly flying, Aid He comes to give; Wind and water quickly quiets, :: Bids them to be still ::
8. We’ll not need on sorrow’s journey, To become distressed; For our vessel homeward hurries, :: Jesus hold the helm ::
9. And at home we’ll all be given, Food abundantly; Also from the living river, :: Drinks eternally ::
10. Human being O consider, Greatness of the joy; Which believers there are given, :: Ever to enjoy ::
11. And our blessedness up there is, More than tongue can say; Earthly body cannot bear it, :: But it wants to break ::
12. After stormy weather passes, Sun will shine again; After care and sorrow vanish, :: Rapture will commence ::
13. Soon our ship will leave this earth and, Enter harbor home; Where the whirlwinds of the world are, :: Evermore unknown ::
14. In that land our Bridegroom Jesus, We shall then behold; Who upon His throne is seated, :: And fulfills our hope ::

109 When The War Within Me Is Raging
1. When the War within me is raging, I’ll just hold unto Jesus hand; I will follow where ever He leads me, In the end there’s the promised land.
2. The streets there are paved by my Jesus, With gold but not of this land; On which I must wearily travel, but I’m safe He is holding my hand.
3. The believer’s here as they’re singing, Sound to me like an Angel band; That will greet me when I get to Heaven, By holding onto Jesus hand.
4. Your children are lonely here Jesus, Yearning for the day you appear; Oh the great rejoicing and shouting, When we see you on the cloud Jesus dear.
5. Home O home you’ve come to get me, Hope and faith are now left behind; The beautiful Love that you gave me, Has carried me through Heaven’s mine.
110 Oh Beautiful Morning That Soon Will Dawn
1. Oh beautiful morning that soon will dawn, When we hear the wedding bells; The children of God, Join to sing a new song: In joyful victory.
2. The weariest child will then receive, A crown of victory; The bride will be glad, In a new promised land; Singing in praise to Thee.
3. The children of God walk hand in hand, And row to the peaceful shore; Not one will He leave, In this world to grieve, But gather them safely home.
4. This land is promised for His own, Who obey and love the Lord; Though we tarry a while, On our lips there’s a smile; Our hearts are aglow with Thine Love.
5. This world is raging ‘round us each day, The children are yearning for peace; For peace that will last, In the new promised land; That Satan cannot steal away.
6. So Jesus hold unto my hand, And never let it go; So that I can join, The Heavenly band; In joyous praise to Thee.
111 We’ll Soon From Here Go Passing On
(trans: 126 UL, Pian Me Talta Siirrymme; E.K. Anderson)
1. We’ll soon from here go passing on, To everlasting home beyond; And there again our friends we’ll meet, Who with the Lord have gone to be.
2. This cheer I have while here I roam, That peace eternal I shall know; At home in Father’s dwelling place, And in the Bridegroom’s fond embrace.

3. Not even death can overthrow, Since Jesus from the grave arose; For death makes only pain to cease, The soul from body be released.
4. Our journey here is ended soon, A little while our cares endure; When over me the sod is pressed, In blessed peace I’ll lie at rest.
5. Awakened from the earth anew, Out of our graves we’ll be removed; And carried up before the Lord, With crowns our heads will be adorned.
6. Up there we all will offer thanks, A joyful time forever have; When sorrow has been laid aside, The sinful body left behind.
112 Neither Roses Nor Lilies Have Ever Adorned
(trans: 252 UL, Eipa Ruusut Ja Kukkaset; E.K. Anderson)
1. Neither roses nor lilies have ever adorned, Here the paths of my journey through life; For this land it is foreign upon which I walk, bride of Jesus now poor and despised.
2. But down here I am waiting and listen in hope, If the Heavenly harps I should hear; If the Bridegroom has come yet His Bride to take home, Far away from this valley of tears.
3. Neither swallows of Heaven nor larks of the sky, Care to tarry down here anymore; But with joy they go flying and singing goodbye, To these dreary and sorrowful shores.
4. Where so many temptations and sorrows are met, That the feeble exhausted may fall; but dear Jesus His own He will ever protect, Even while in the tempest and storm.
5. But the feeling of fear is does often arise, That perhaps I shall sink on the way; And my frail little craft will it ever arrive, In that harbor where blessedness reigns.
6. But in faith even though only weak it may be, I’ll proceed to the Golgatha spring; Where my garments are purified spotless and clean, That before were all filthy with sin.
7. So in them I am worthy with Angels to dwell, And to stand at the Bridegroom’s right hand; Where I sing and I play on my harp as I lend, Unto God of mine praises and thanks.
113 Oh How Indeed Is There Our Home
(trans: 48 UL, O Kuinka Onkaan Kotomme; E.K. Anderson)
1. O how indeed is there our home, In Heaven ever fair; ‘Tis there we children yearn to go, And be released from care; Here sinful body troubles us, And sorrow it oppresses us; But Jesus still the living road, Will take His children home.
2. O children who belong to God, How art Thou ever dear; By power of Lord Jesus’ blood, How ready even here; To go away from fleeting time, To leave this mortal frame behind; And enter Heaven’s loveliness, to carol praises there.

3. To dearest Bridegroom of the blood, With mercy on our souls; He made the sacrifice for us, And let His lifeblood flow; Our wedding raiment He prepared, And cleansed it snowy white and fair; by washing it in His own blood, As on the cross He hung.
4. So that down here we children can, Already be secure; When Bridegroom’s robe on us we have, We then are clean and pure; His Holy Spirit as a gift, He pledged Himself to us with it; So that as children of our God, Now Heaven’s heirs we are.
5. To children when at home above, Is given their bequest; And then the crown so glorious, Upon their heads is pressed; So everyone will have a crown, And wear a shining wedding gown; While looking on her Bridegroom’s face, Eternally rejoice.
114 Praises To Thee Praises
(trans: 66 UL, Kiitos Sulle Kiitos; E.K. Anderson)
1. Praises to Thee praises, Praises to Thee praises; O Jesus O Jesus; For the blood which Thou gavest; Praises to Thee praises, Praises to Thee praises; O Christ dear, O Christ dear; Because of Thy labor.
2. My toil have Ye taken, My sins on Thee laden; O Jesus O Jesus, My toil have Ye taken; Thy presence to enter, hear Thy language so tender; I desire O Bridegroom, To abide with Thee ever.
3. And to look yet upon it, How the Lamb on the altar; So quiet and gentle; Is led to the slaughter; In Thy side that was wounded, By the spear passing through it, Is joy and contentment; For my soul to the fullest.
4. In Thy blood-dripping raiment, In Thy crown and Thy nails yet; My hope and enjoyment; ‘Neath Thy cross I attain them; There my hope it is strongest, There my soul it is fortressed; Believing and hoping; On Jesus Thee always.
5. There food for the spirit, And riches abounding; I get when I’m drinking; The blood of the fountain; I become there contented, My soul it is rested; Thy form when I see it, On the cross now extended.
6. Praises to Thee praises Praises to Thee praises; O Brother O Brother; For Thy mercy upon me; To be child of the Father, My soul Thou hast purchased; I cannot I cannot; Give the praise Thou deservest.
7. But at last up in Heaven, When my troubles are ended; I’ll be able to praise Thee; With praise that is perfect; There my strength will not falter, nor my soul grow exhausted; That joy and rejoicing; Will remain without stopping.
8. There Thy wishes obeying, On Thy face I’ll be gazing; My soul will be clothed; In shimmering raiment; Hear the music that swells there, It is joyful to dwell there; O Jesus O Jesus; I’m longing to get there.
9. Now desire entrances, And this soul of mine dances; That once and now quickly; I can Jesus be thanking; Praises to Thee praises, Praises to Thee praises; And Amen And Amen; I can Jesus be praising.

115 All Heavens Lovely Little Birds
(trans: 95 UL, Taivaan Ihanat Lintuiset; E.K. Anderson)
1. All Heaven’s lovely little birds, Beneath these fleeting heavens Go flying swiftly from this earth, Their songs of joy ascending; All in one flock they wing their way, To their Creator giving praise; As from this air they vanish.
2. There can not be dearer land, To these small summer nestlings; Than land where unafraid they can, Beneath a brighter heaven; In milder air upon the wing, To Lamb of God their sonnets sing; And carol to Him sweetly.
3. And thus they can without regret, With joy leave all behind them; Because from bleeding branches red, By them is often sighted; Beyond the raging ocean’s roar, Jerusalem’s bright shining shore; In land of peace and beauty.
4. From whence the songs of birds arise, From throats of hundred millions; Who as they nourishment derive, From newlands teeming vineyards; Keep singing their thanksgiving psalm, by which they praise the Lamb of God; Since flight with joy is ended.
5. This song makes also strains to rise, From Zion’s birds of passage; More freely under mercy skies, With hearts of greater courage; An echo from this hymn as well, Makes birds of passage hearts to swell; Now into praise and rapture.
6. And so ye larks that scale the sky, And all ye summer swallows Ye lovely nightingales on high, At parent’s breast who follow; A-singing keep on soaring still, The hearts of all with longing filled; For land of peace eternal.
7. The mother bird she will indeed, Keep watching o’er her young ones; Upon the way to help them keep, Displays the wounds upon her; From which new life and nourishment, This homing birds they ever get; And health and soundness always.
116 Soon They Will Lay My Body
(trans: 123 UL, Kohta Mustaa Hautaan; E.K. Anderson)
1. Soon they will lay my body, Down in the grave so black; And then released from bondage, My soul will be at last.
2. Inside the walls of Heaven, I soon shall sing with joy; And in the wedding temple, With all my heart rejoice.
3. Down here among believers, We travel to that land; Where in the midst of beauty, The tree of life expands.
4. There flow the living rivers, And harps they sweetly play; And there on dearest Jesus, My eyes will ever gaze.
5. I’ll know His voice when softly, I hear Him calling me; O come thou here beloved, My bleeding wounds to kiss.

6. These wounds are sanctuaries, Forever opened wide; With these I paid thy ransom, As my eternal Bride.
7. O that celestial splendor, Which there I soon shall see; O ecstasy of Heaven, Which there my soul will feel.
8. And there in lovely garments, Will Jesus clothe my form; And with a crown that sparkles, My head He’ll then adorn.
9. O blessed sun of Heaven, Whose radiance warms the air; O hymn that’s new forever, Which sweetly echoes there.
10. O Jesus come Thou quickly, To take away Thy Bride; From atmosphere so gloomy, Into Heaven’s Glory bright.
11. There Angels wait to meet her, Beside the gates ajar; And then they’ll bear her swiftly, Into her Bridegroom’s arms.
12. To rejoice in that alliance, That lasts eternally; Sing praises to the highest, Hallelujah willingly.
117 If Singing The Lord I Could Honor
(trans: 271 UL, Jos Laulaen Ylistaa Voisin; E.K. Anderson)
1. If singing the Lord I could honor, Then praises to Him I would offer; When mercy immense, And changeless as well; Has solaced my lowly soul again.
2. How often my faith it is lacking, That happiness changes to sadness; And then it would seem, Forsaken I be; That out of His arms He’s banished me.
3. But when I become all exhausted, The hope of salvation forgotten; He comes to my side, When no refuge I find; With spirit of grace again revives.
4. Oh how I am perfectly blessed, Beholding the wide open Heaven; From sins I am free, Though many there be; They’re buried within the bleeding sea.
5. I can blissfully now enjoy quiet, Though all the world rages and riots; The sacrifice great, Which new does create; Is shown us again in Calv’ry’s gain.
6. My debt was requited there wholly, Wiped out in the blood of Him solely; So pardoned I can, Forever be glad; his bountiful love rejoice to have.
7. Oh precious this flock of His children, Already of victory singing; Corruption indeed, But death will release; It wholly away from us He’ll seize.
8. Her soul it will glow there forever, When Bridegroom and bride get together; In the love of Him then, A drink she will get; And never remember grief again.
9. Just peace and rejoicing eternal, Corruption no longer a burden; For always at home, Only joy I shall know; My heart by that hope is here consoled.

10. So unto Thee honor and praises, Because Thou did give me salvation; Just waiting I am, Until I may pass; To carol thereof eternal thanks.
118 Eat Ye And Drink Ye My Grace
(trans: 56 UL, Syokaa Ja Juokaa; E.K. Anderson)
1. Eat ye and drink ye my grace never faileth, Mercy and kindness and love never changeth; Wine is now freely with bread that’s unleaven; Bestowed us from Heaven.
2. Grace to the poor is abundantly flowing, Of which the rich and the wise are unknowing; When in our arms as a gift to us given; Salvation He bringeth.
3. Blessed I’m always because of His mercy, Washed in the blood ever blameless and worthy; Newly reborn to be child of the Maker; The gracious Creator.
4. Jesus my awful transgressions He carried, Bringing forgiveness to me everlasting; Thus from the slough of destruction ascendeth; My soul into Heaven.
5. Count is not taken of sin though so dire, Since new apparel the soul doth acquire; When it’s through faith in the blood of atonement; In righteousness clothed.
6. Pure now and holy and blessed hereafter, Death I avoid and eternal disaster; Cause there’s to carol in gladness and wonder; The snare is asunder.
7. Black though my form it will change when I enter, Into the light of the Lord in His splendor; Flawless and lovely with Angel’s comparing; Their radiance sharing.
8. While in the country of Meshech I’m living, Like little children who yearn I keep singing; Oh if I only could go to my Father; Because of my Brother.
9. Surely the Lord will His children deliver, Soon out of Kedar’s captivity bitter; tears that have flooded the way without ceasing; Are dried there completely.
10. Care and distress they are absent from Heaven, Death will wipe out the last hindrance forever; Safely my crown there for Christ’s sake is guarded, ‘Till hence I’ve departed.
119 Oh Jesus Christ The Pure And Holy Lamb
(trans: 14 UL, O Jeesus Kristus Puhdas; E.K. Anderson)
1. Oh Jesus Christ the pure and Holy Lamb, With death of Thine Thou freed us from death’s band; Oh thanks to Thee for Thy enormous love, Our blessedness was purchased with Thy blood.
2. So dear to Thee this fallen race became, That Thou didst stoop to wear our mortal frame; Wert for our sake the curse of sin itself, And thence upon us followed blessedness.
3. Without Thy blood there’s naught can be redeemed, So Thou didst shed Thy precious blood to be; The ransom price by which the sinful soul, Through faith salvation for himself may own.

4. Thou drained the wine cup at Gethsemane, Which was the drink that I should have received; Thou prayed and suffered sweated drops of blood, upon Thee carried all our pain for us.
5. Thou cried yet on the cross in agony, “My God oh why hast Thou forsaken me;” But I poor wretch it was forsook the Lord, It was indeed for me that Thou didst call.
6. “It’s fulfilled” Thou uttered at the last, Completed is the great atonement task; My debt of sin with all it’s penalty; Thou hast forgiven it entirely.
7. Then Thou didst raise Thyself up from the grave, To brothers as a sign Thy wounds displayed; Hallelujah oh now I surely know, Thou hast prepared above for me a home.
8. Thou clothed me in robes of purest white, Beloved Bridegroom O my Lord divine; With garments of Thy righteousness on me: I’m blessed now and yet eternally.
120 Listen To The Songbirds Gay
(trans: 69 UL, Kuuleppas Kuuinka Linnut Pienet; E.K. Anderson)
1. Listen to the songbirds gay, How joyfully they’re chirping; Swallow small and nightingales, They sing of peace and mercy.
2. Cause indeed have birdies wee, To carol Jesus praises; For these little ones believe, That God will surely save them.
3. Children so thanksgiving hymns, To dearest Jesus warble; Jesus took away your sins, From biggest to the smallest.
4. Now He takes upon His Head, A crown of thorns so cruel; Winning for us in it’s stead, A crown of shining jewels.
5. Surely He from caroling, Will not forbid His children; Looking on the wounds of Him, While on their way to Heaven.
6. Here my song is incomplete, Unmusical my chanting; Heart and tongue are wholly weak, In thankfulness yet lacking.
7. But when dearest Jesus though, Shall once in glory give us; Heaven’s joy to be our home, And golden garlands bring us.
8. Then at last will from my breast, A perfect song come springing; As in Angel choirs blest, The purest hymn is ringing.
121 Be Courageous Dear Bride
(trans: 50 UL, Ole Rohkea Morsion; E.K. Anderson)
1. Be courageous dear bride while thou tarry, In these Kedar abodes so drear; Load of sorrow and grief though thou carry, And thy soul is depressed own here; Soon the Bridegroom will come and release thee, From the days of thy sad distress; Into Heaven’s delight He will lead thee, Praise to carol in thankfulness.

2. Brother look on your Mother beloved, Though in pain to the ground she sank; In a blood bath her body beflooded, yet compassion for us she hath; Come with me let us follow her footsteps, As she mock’ry and shame doth bear; Thou shalt see that our Mother she looketh, On us tenderly even there.
3. How O wretch doth it seem as thou gazeth, On thy Mother whom thou disowned; Suffer shame and dishonor degrading, For the sake of thy erring soul; Dost thou dare yet to go my beloved near the Golgatha sacrifice; There to look on the deluge abundant, Where in blood thou are purified.
4. Rest my friend in assurance unshaken, For most precious these moments are; When thy garments entirely stainless, In the blood of the Lamb are washed; By that power thy sins they are severed, And so far now removed from thee; As the east from the west is forever, All thy wrongful and evil deeds.
5. So that here thou canst linger with gladness, ‘Till allowed to go passing on; From this land full of sorrow and sadness, Into infinite life beyond; Where together with Heavenly Angels, Before God in His Majesty; From pure joy thou canst warble thy praises, To the Bridegroom eternally.
122 Calling For My Saviour
1. Calling for my Saviour-Come Lord Jesus Come; He is our Redeemer-Come Oh Blessed One; Children here are waiting-Keep us in Thy care; ‘Till the day of Glory-Joyously we’ll share.
Chorus: The Lord my Shepherd promised, To carry all the weak, And when His flock is gathered, His promise is complete.
2. Tho’ the tempest rages-Fears and doubts dismay; Safe in Jesus refuge-In Him let us stay; None of us are worthy-Sinners are we all; Only one Redeemer-Jesus hear my call. Chorus:
3. Satan tries enclosing-Barriers every side; Saviour come and guide me-In Thy wounds to hide; let us not despair Lord-Nor tomorrow fear; In Thy Word believing-Every moment here. Chorus:
4. Wicked winds deceiving-Cunningly they blow; Jesus love keep burning-Brightly let it glow; Tho’ in weakness falter-Jesus let me stay; Patiently here waiting-Come Oh Lord what may. Chorus:
5. Satan always sowing-Seed of unbelief; Jesus our redeemer Keep us from the grief; Soon the storm is over-no more earthly trial; Shepherd I am calling-Carry me awhile. Chorus:
123 Be Not Dismayed Whate’er Betide
1. Be not dismayed whate’er betide, God will take care of you; Beneath His wings of Love abide, God will take care of you.

Chorus: God will take care of you, Through every day; O’er all the way, He will take care of you, God will take care of you.
2. Through days of toil when heart doth fail, God will take care of you; When dangers fierce your path assail, God will take care of you. Chorus:
3. All you may need He will provide, God will take care of you, Nothing you ask will be denied, God will take care of you. Chorus:
4. No matter what may be the test, God will take care of you; Lean weary one upon His breast, God will take care of you. Chorus:
124 Oh Jesus Is My Peace Divine
(trans: 72 UL, On Jeesus Itse Rauhani; E.K. Anderson)
1. Oh Jesus is my peace divine, In life and death forever; With death of His eternal life, He brought to me from Heaven; And joy in Jesus I can have, Although by sin corrupted; Which makes the soul and body glad, And troubles all forgotten: Joyfully therefore I carol Hallelujah; With honor praises Thanks to Him; And Amen Hallelujah.
2. The head is Jesus dear Himself, I’m member of His body; To Heaven since arose the Head, The members they will follow; Since Jesus now does live for aye, I shall not see death either; But bide forever in His grace, And give Him praise unceasing: Joyfully therefore I carol Hallelujah; With honor praises Thanks to Him; And Amen Hallelujah.
3. Thus from the dust the sinful wretch, Is into Glory risen; But shareless then the world is left, When mercy we are given; There’s cause to carol jubilant, Rejoicing now completely; Since from eternal blessedness, There’s nothing that can keep me: Joyfully therefore I carol Hallelujah; With honor praises Thanks to Him; And Amen Hallelujah.
4. And if the law accuses yet, Oh why should I be troubled; When on the cross the Lord Himself, Death for the law has suffered; If I am called by self made saints, Insane in frenzy driven; Nevertheless I shall remain, One of His chosen children: Joyfully therefore I carol Hallelujah; With honor praises Thanks to Him; And Amen Hallelujah.
5. If all the world should laugh at me, And shoot its mocking arrows; It matters not but makes me see, The way of life is narrow; To tempt me if the devil will, Complaint upon me making; Is righteous my defender still, To victory He’ll take me: Joyfully therefore I carol Hallelujah; With honor praises Thanks to Him; And Amen Hallelujah.
125 In Heaven Is My Home Indeed
(trans: 96 UL, Taivaassa on Mun Kotoni; E.K. Anderson)
1. In Heaven is my home indeed, And on my homeward way I speed; Oh there I yearn with all my heart, And there I sigh to soon depart.
2. In Heaven is my home indeed, A foreign soil this is to me; Down here a wanderer I am, When shall I reach my native land.

3. In Heaven is my home indeed, Down here there are so many griefs; Upon the way so much distress, The heart is filled with heaviness.
4. In Heaven is my home indeed, Reward immense I’ll there receive; Whenever this I comprehend, Much lighter grows my journey then.
5. In Heaven is my home indeed, This strife will there forever cease; There grief will change to happiness, And weeping into jubilance.
6. In Heaven is my home indeed, My crown is waiting there fro me; Which my beloved Bridegroom earned, And as a gift on me conferred.
7. In Heaven is my home indeed, My visit here is only brief; When from this land I sail away, The port of peace I shall attain.
8. In Heaven is my home indeed, My pathway there through death does lead; When once my time is at an end, My troubles too are ended then.
9. Thus if my Bridegroom Jesus dear, In faithfulness I follow here; It is my hope and firm belief, That Heaven is my home indeed.
10. So honor praise and thanks to Him, Who is the Maker of all things; And praises to the Saviour too, The bridegroom risen from the tomb.
126 Although Our Cross Is Here A Heavy Burden
1. Although our cross is here a heavy burden, Much heavier the cross that Jesus bore; It therefore is unfitting that we murmur, But faithfully let us proceed along.
2. If hindrances upon the way betide us, They’re but to teach us how we are to go; For Jesus in our faith does often try us, but in distress He’ll come to aid His own.
3. In blood all things for us He has completed, And in His home a place for us prepared; Where He ahead already has proceeded, And urges us to follow Him up there.
4. And if from faith the world would try to keep us, The very best that surely testifies; That to another land we owe allegiance, Than to this land which is by sin defiled.
5. And we indeed can all be truly happy, When our director is the Lord Himself; Because of which we cannot be too thankful, Since our good fortune is unparalleled.
6. Might be a Mother would leave her child forsaken, Yet Jesus never can abandon us; And of His own He’ll not desert the frailest, But leads them all to Glory there above.
7. And with His blood our spirits He refreshes, And feeds us from the spring of grace divine; He does not see that we are poor and wretched, But clothes our nakedness with Love sublime.
8. So in what fairer place could one retire, Than Jesus’ merciful and loving arms; Since there is everything one could desire, That’s big and precious to a sinner’s heart.

9. For there is happiness and all our treasure, And there is blessedness and joy and love; There’s also victory for us and splendor, And there the spring that purifies with blood.
127 Where Is The Joy
1. Where is the joy, And peace so sweet; And where is happiness complete; Where is the light, And Love serene; To calm the sea of stormy night.
2. The joy is knowing Jesus Christ; Will lead me nearer home to be; And peace is there whene’er I feel; the light of Love uplifting me.
3. There is the joy to ease the pain; And wondrous peace in God again; There is the light to warm you too; And calm the sea of stormy night.
4. Where is the Love and mercy shown; And when is weariness unknown; Where is the one who all alone; Did calm the sea of stormy night.
5. The Love I know is Jesus Christ; And He is here I do believe; Tho’ weak in faith and weary be; His mercy has He shown to me.
6. In Heaven soon is Love supreme; Our happiness complete will be; When Jesus calls “Come unto me” How calm the sea of stormy night.
128 The Blood Of Jesus Speaking
(trans: 37 UL, Jeesuksen Veren Aani, E.K. Anderson)
1. The blood of Jesus speaking, On Zion Mountain still; Is heard clear friends repeating, The gospel of good will; With thousand tongues proclaiming, The blessed Lamb of God; Who in the garden praying, Is bathed red with blood.
2. The blood of Jesus utters, The sweetest words of cheer; To us O friends beloved, On Zion Mount who hear; It opened Heaven’s portals, And gates of hell it closed; Delivered us from torment, Brought peace within our souls.
3. Now all of Zion’s children, Are brightened with this blood; Each one made fully fitted, For wedding feast above; It is a gulf enormous, Which from the world divides; Yet like a mighty fortress, On Zion Mountain side.
4. This precious blood keeps streaming, From Jesus open wounds; While children ever preaching, Still testify anew; In Zion yet it gusheth, To life which hath no end; Therefore His flock get drunken, And thanking they commence.
5. And thus on Zion’s hillside, The voice of joy we hear; Which soundeth friends who listen, Delightful to the ear; But it is feared by Satan, And unbelievers too; Who fire bombs of hatred, While rushing to their doom.

6. The Pharisee despiseth, To harken to the sound; When always on Mount Zion, The trumpet’s played aloud; Since blood in it is speaking, And thus from Heaven’s rays; Our hearts dear friends enkindling, Begin to burn ablaze.
7. It’s only spirits cleansed, And marked with blood divine; Who know the joy of Heaven, And call out Praise be Thine; ‘Tis they alone on harpstrings, Have learned down here to play, The new hymns verses starting, While still upon the way.
8. But if the blood stops speaking, So it is heard no more; Then voice of joy unceasing, Will sound forevermore; But we would not prevent it, That voice from Paradise, The voice of blood so precious, From Zion Mount that cries.
9. And once intoxicated, Shall all of us become; In City of New Salem, Where we shall hear the psalm; As chosen ones in concert, With Angel choir’s sing; And Hallelujah Amen, Eternally doth ring.
10. While here below I travel, Along the pathway strait; Which seemeth oft’ too narrow, Another step to take; It’s in the hope dear brother, That on the Glory shore; At last we’ll meet each other, Rejoicing evermore.
11. And sad our souls it’s making, To tarry longer here; But earnestly we’re waiting, To see the Lord appear; When He shall come in Glory, Returning here to bear; His bride away from mourning, Eternal joy to share.
12. But should the Bridegroom linger, Awake let us remain; The oil celestial drinking, To keep our lamps aflame; Thus blessedness is certain, When Jesus doth arrive; If He today returneth; Or should delay a while.
129 I’m Just A Weary Traveler
(trans: 321 UL, Ikava On Taalla Olla; Sylvia Niemi)
1. I’m just a weary traveler, In Kedar’s lonely land; Oh come my Bridegroom dearest, Come take me by the hand.
2. My heart’s desire is Jesus, I yearn to be with Thee; Why doth my Bridegroom tarry, In coming here for me.
3. I know that I’m unworthy, Defiled and full of sin; So wretched yet impatient, With my Lord’s graciousness.
4. The precious blood of Jesus, Is none the less my plea; It has completely washed me, From all iniquity.
5. Thou art a Lord of mercy, Who giveth sweet release; With peace I cannot measure, “Thy sins forgiven be.”
6. This voice oh brothers sisters, Is pleasing to the ear; Your sins are all forgiven, In Jesus’ blood so dear.

7. This voice brings only terror, To those who don’t believe; And they resist its message, With every force conceived.
8. But they cannot dispel it, Their work is all in vain; The blood of Jesus speaking, Still echoes very plain.
9. This voice begins it’s message, From Zion’s mountain far; And every hilltop echoes, “Your sins forgiven are.”
10. From all of earth’s high hilltops, It sounds forth on and on; Even the deepest valley, Must echo with this song.
11. Still the Mount of Zion highest, Surpasses all the rest; The blood of Jesus speaking, Sounds clearly from it’s crest.
12. So up ye heavy-hearted, Lift up your heads in joy; All those in doubts dark valleys, Your hearts in praise employ.
13. The blood of Jesus answers, Your soul’s most earnest plea; Altho’ the weight of sorrow, And sins do burden thee.
14. So bursting into praises, Our weighted spirit’s sing; The precious bleeding river, Has swallowed all our sins.
130 Oh That Golden Wedding Hall (trans: 265 UL, O Tuota Haasalia)
1. Oh that golden wedding hall, Where the children warble; Praises to the Lamb of God, Who suffered death so meekly; Who suffered death so meekly.
2. Golden crowns upon their heads, And vict’ry palms they carry; The Bride up to the wedding hall, Triumphantly is carried; Triumphantly is carried.
3. The Lamb of God on Golgatha, Was offered for salvation; And dressed up in His righteousness, The Bride sings adoration; The Bride sings adoration.
4. Forever in that wedding hall, The children taste of Glory; If here the cup so bitter was, Up there’s a sweeter story; Up there’s a sweeter story.
131 Dearest Jesus Wilt Thou Lead Me
(trans: 286 UL, Jeesus Rakas Minua; Emma Skarp)
1. Dearest Jesus wilt Thou lead me, Always in faith to ever see; Your bleeding wounds now open wide, River of grace flowing from your side.
2. When through this desert I’m traveling, Over stream now so filled with tears; My spirit often sighs to Thee, Weak is the faith and hope in me.

3. So often howl the wolves around me, Hoping to harm this small lamb of God; To move me from this precious faith, From Jesus and His abiding grace.
4. I’m traveling on this road so narrow, From the garden to Golgatha; My Jesus also traveled here, My path to Heaven now is all clear.
5. I often worry if I should get lost, To some side road if I should stray; And stormy clouds will then cover me, So sun of victory I cannot see.
6. But my Jesus He is with me, Companion dear in this wilderness; If I get weary He’ll carry me, With crumbs of grace He will nourish me.
7. But Jesus He still is our good Shepherd, He alone will tend His own flock; And on His bosom we now can rest, His lambs He gathers whom He has blest.
8. Feeds us with the milk of mercy, Hungry ones all here are fed; In heaven when we’ll all be home, We’ll feast our wedding forever more.
9. We can hear the music playing, Wedding march to eternal joy; And evidence now all is here, The Bridegroom’s coming is very near.
10. We were dressed in bridal glory, When our Bridegroom was hung on cross; This raiment washed He white as snow, To eternal wedding now we can go.
11. The Bridegroom with His blood He cleansed it; While He hung for us on the cross; The bridal gown is now shining bright, It is so pure and it is so white.
12. My dear brothers and sisters is faith, Let us all sing a joyous song; A joyous song as we bid farewell, Farewell to tyrant’s of god’s children.
13. The birds of Heaven soon are leaving, And their songs soon will also cease; We’re moved to Heaven our home so fair, Join in the chorus of the Angels there.
132 In Faith I Now Behold Thee
(trans: 13 UL, Nyt Uskossa Mä, E.K. Anderson)
1. In faith I now behold Thee, Dear Jesus in Thy pain; Within Thy wounds so Holy, Would evermore remain; Which for my sake Thou suffered, My wretched soul to free; As unto death Thou offered, Thyself in place of me.
2. Our plight Thou comprehended, Our doomed and hopeless state; Our sins on Thee descended, Thou bore them for our sake; Adorned with crown unsightly, Thou died upon the cross; To us Thou gave the triumph, In full Thou paid the cost.
3. Whose soul by sin is burdened, Who know he is condemned; Who wanders here accursed, Abiding comfortless; Be thou to Jesus guided, Oh come and gaze on Him; As on the cross He crieth, “It is now fulfilled.”

4. Thus Jesus all accomplished, Delivered us from death; Releasing us from bondage, he gave us life instead; So why should child of Zion, Now let his heart be grieved; When one the full reprisal, For sin has been received.
5. The Kingdom of salvation, Is precious on this earth; That gracious congregation, Wherein they speak the words; “Thy sins are all forgiven”, As bidden by the Lord; And soul’s who bide imprisoned, Are freed forevermore.
6. In precious blood it’s spoken, Thy sins are washed away; The mercy sea is open, Oh listen brother now; So now is perfect freedom, Dear children let us sing; This year of grace in Jesus, To all now let it ring.
133 Battle Hosts Upon Mount Zion (trans: 313 UL, Sotalauma Siionissa)
1. Battle hosts upon Mount Zion let us sing of victory, Under trouble let’s remember all of these at last will cease; Let us fight yet full of courage in the battlefield of God, Brightly is the flag of triumph shining still on Golgatha.
2. Now arise ye fighting army drink to take and be revived, Fountains flowing forth in Zion surging waters filled with life; Nourishment while under anguish we are given wholly free, At the Father’s mercy table most delicious food receive.
3. Enemies we’ll conquer always with the strength of Sabaoth, soon our eyes will catch a glimmer of the lovely Cannan Shore; Soon will come the hosts of Heaven with their chariots of flame, To the land of peace eternal troubled ones to take away.
4. In the sky the clouds will redden when the trumpet call is heard, Then the army of the Bridegroom quickly will ascend from earth; Palms into our hands be given shining crowns our heads adorn, To the Lamb of God we’ll carol Hallelujah evermore.
134 A Song Of My Home I Will Sing Now
(trans: 163 UL, Nyt Kodista Laulun Mina; Sylvia Niemi)
1. A song of my Home I will sing now, Where forever a dwelling I’ll share; Where with all the Saints and the Holy, I’ll rest from earth’s trouble and care.
2. That Home is not here in this valley, Oh no it is far away there; Down here I am only a traveler, In Heaven will end all my care.
3. Jesus and all of my loved ones, At Home I’ll be able to see; That wonderful Host of believers, Awaits there already for me.
4. My heart there will beat in pure rapture, And never a tear will there flow; And never a care or a sorrow, In that beautiful Home I will know.
5. Down here on this journey so often, I sigh and my eyes fill with tears; So I pray that my God soon will take me, Away from earth’s trials and fears.

135 If Jesus Were Not My Friend
(trans: 191 UL, Jos Jeesus Ei Olis; Sylvia Niemi)
1. If Jesus were not my Friend most dear, How joyless my life would be; And the way to Heaven’s Glory then, An impossibility.
2. And still I do not oft’ recall, My purchase price so dear; That caused for Thee such agony, In dying for me here.
3. In Thee Lord I was granted life, And all my debt was paid; And in Thy bleeding wounds of Love, My soul is unafraid.
4. And yet I’m slow to praise Thee Lord, Even when my heart’s inspired; When earthly cares and daily chores, Dissolve the soul’s desire.
5. But still my hope is kindled here, One day when I am free; My tongue will praise Thee as it should, For Thy mercy-gift to me.
6. The slaves of sin Thou has redeemed, When going to Calvary; Where even my great debt was paid, You’ll take me home with Thee.
7. Now all that I can do down here, Is stand in wondrous awe; That Heaven is my home land sure, Where one day I’ll be brought.
8. I own this gift by faith alone, In my Lord Jesus here; He’ll gather all His own one day, Into everlasting peace.
136 Oh Come Ye Now Rejoicing
(trans: 311 UL, Oi Iloitsemaan Tulkaa; Sylvia Niemi)
1. Oh come ye now rejoicing, Ye pilgrims on this earth; Who love Lord Jesus come ye now in gladness; Soon we shall enter Heaven to see our lovely home, And live in blessedness among the Angels; Oh Home in Heaven then, Oh New Jerusalem; There the Bride of Jesus her wedding day will keep, And sing out Her: “Hallelujah Amen.”
2. So Amen now in Heaven, And Amen on this earth; And Amen in the hearts of the believers; Ye who are freed now from all your sins rejoice; Come follow in His steps and praise His mercy; Oh blessed Bride so pure; Already righteous here; Soon she can come forth before the throne of God; And sing among the Angels ever Amen.
137 How Oft’ I Get Weary
1. How oft’ I get weary, While on earth here I trod; But Jesus is near me, My sunlight through clouds; Though my burdens seem heavy, there’s no need to fear; For the days aren’t so empty, When Jesus is near.
2. This road is so narrow, And rough is the way; And like some small sparrow, Weary I’d stray; But we have the promise, In God’s only Son; That one day we won’t miss, The world’s setting sun.

3. It isn’t too long now, When God’s glory we’ll see; We just have to follow, And take us he will; Through many a teardrop, And many a storm; But soon we will rise up, To Heaven our home.
4. The world offers pleasure, It’s inns line the way; But rest we can’t do for, Here we can’t stay; To lose all the treasure, That awaits us up there; Is not worth the pleasure, We’re offered down here.
5. God’s word is our comfort, And map of this road; By faith we are anchored, In Jesus’ own blood; When we feel so hungry, And ask God for food; He does not get angry, And gives as He would.
6. So let’s wait in patience, And live in His Word; We have our assurance, In Christ’s body and blood; There’s no need to worry, And no need to fear; We will not feel sorry, When we’re Home at last.
138 Listen Ye Lowly Traveler
(trans: 221 UL, Kuule Sa Kayha; Eino Isola)
1. Listen ye lowly traveler, By way of your cross the road detours; Though many worries fears and woes, Upon this road you will always know.
2. When the first war has been won, And then second overcome; The third looms there in front of you, To have your soul imprisoned too.
3. The devil often tortures you, By your own flesh and the world too; They never stop their harassing, So that your soul will be tiring.
4. Be not afraid just as you go, Zion’s daughter you should know; Lord Jesus suffered agony, In your behalf nailed to a tree.
5. His heart is yet now open wide, From which the blood flows so divine; It brings your soul such peace immense, Revives your soul up once again.
6. And soothes your hands that tired are, Also the knees that show the scar; He’ll wash away the wounds that smell, With His Love He will make us well.
7. Do not weaken as you stand, Passing through this dry barren land; Until we reach that golden shore, That peaceful land forever more.
8. There shall be no more woe or grief, Sorrow nor trouble nor distress; Tears will not flow up there no more, Only peace and love is there in store.
9. In that live hope we travel here, Now sisters brothers have no fear; Some day soon up there we’ll meet, with Angel choirs there to greet.
10. Hallelujah we will sing, Seeing our Jesus thanking Him; For what He did to save us here, From death’s dark tomb that was so near.

139 I Have A Day That’s Blessed
(trans: 164 UL, Oi Mull’ On Onnen; Syvia Niemi)
1. I have a day that’s blessed, Why then should I not sing; With heart that’s overflowing, Why not tell of everything; I praise my blessed Jesus, My Bridegroom dear my own; Who purchased me forever, And all by grace alone.
2. When Jesus is my treasure, Then I have everything; Now there is nothing lacking, So of His Love I sing; How great the Love redeeming, It is beyond compare; Within His heart still burning, A flame so bright and rare.
3. He has completely saved me, By His dear blood alone; Betrothed me by His Spirit, Forever for His own; Now I belong to Jesus, For others care not I, Within His lap of mercy, I’ll gladly live and die.
4. I have a day that’s blessed, My Bridegroom as my own; I’m blessed here already, Then evermore at Home; I do not live for others, Only for Him alone; This earth no longer beckons, To His lap I long to go.
5. My Home is not below here, In this dark vale of tears; It’s waiting for me yonder, In Heaven’s endless years; ‘Tis there I’ll see my Jesus, My Bridegroom wonderful; He washed me so completely, I’m blessed forevermore.
6. ‘Though troubles of this journey, Beset my traveling days; Lord Jesus is my helper, In all my troubled ways; When cares of earth weigh heavy, And fill my heart with fear; I sing about my Jesus, My troubles disappear.
7. When wounds of sin so deeply, Cut sorely at my heart; The wounds of Jesus Holy, Heal every broken part; I gaze upon my Jesus, Raised up on Golgatha; And see myself made perfect, And freed from every fault.
8. I am so black so wretched, In Kedar’s dwelling drear; But in my Bridegroom’s garment, I’m washed all clean and pure; Within myself no goodness, The sun has burned me black; Yet in my Bridegroom’s raiment, There’s nothing I do lack.
9. Oh Thanks to Thee my Jesus, For payment of my sin; To Thee in rapture endless, My praises I will sing; Oh honor great in Heaven, And joy beyond compare; Oh blessedness then given, Oh glory that we share.
10. And then when Thou art ready, To bring me Home to Thee; My song shall never end then, Rejoice eternally; Down here on earth already, To Thee my praise I give, Then evermore in Heaven, For Thee in joy I’ll Live.
140 The Bleeding Parent Bears His Children
(trans: 230 UL, Verivanhin Lapset Kantaa; Sylvia Niemi)
1. The bleeding Parent bears His children, Through this dismal wilderness; Holds the weakest and the poorest, Tenderly upon His breast.

2. With the food of Heaven feeds them, Every soul upon the way; So no child through sin or weakness, Would deny his Saviour’s name.
3. He whose body cried out blood drops, When the children He redeemed; Oh the heart-blood and the water, From His wounded side which streamed.
4. Jesus dearest Friend so gentle, Thou who lovest even me; Took the wretched slave and sinner, To His bosom graciously.
5. Precious blood of Jesus speaking, Still so sweetly says to me; Every sin and every weakness, Is forgiven just believe.
6. Children sign about their Jesus, Born of God His name they prize; By whose grace we soon shall enter, Through the gates of Paradise.
7. I keep thinking here already, When the chariots arrive; That will bear me home to Heaven, There to live at Jesus’ side.
8. Often here with home-sick longing, How my spirit sighs for Thee; how I wish to see my Bridegroom, Face to face eternally.
9. There our sun so brightly shining, Never more will hidden be; There eternal victory sunlight, Shines for us so brilliantly.
10. When upon that Easter morning, From the tomb our Lord arose; All arrayed in power and glory, The King of Peace His Kingdom owns.
11. Speaks to us with voice so tender, Greets His children on the way; From the heart so sorrow- laden, All the fear He takes away.
12. When the Eastern sky line brightens, Hear the trumpet call of peace; Homeward bound the Bride is taken, There her wedding day to keep.
13. Then this little flock departing, To the shores of Home will flee; Singing gladly Hallelujah, Amen Amen joyously.
14. Oh what joy to leave behind then, This cold wilderness at last; Where the sea of sin keeps pounding, Where the breakers loudly crash.
15. Yet dear Jesus is unwanted, By those who deserted God; Even when the war cries warn them, Soon the end will come to all.
141 It’s Often Cold And Strange
1. It’s often cold and strange down here, And days are filled with sorrow’s tear; But though my flesh is dead in sin, I know that one day Christ will win.
2. There was a time I was alone, With naught but worldly friends my own; But just when I thought I was lost, God’s Spirit showed who paid the cost.

3. That all my sins are washed by blood, Of Jesus sent by Father God; And paid the price where I fell short, Is certainly a good report.
4. So let us sing while bound in Love, The great Love of our God above; Which never worldly bombs can tear, Or people’s words can e’er impair.
5. For nothing here is quite so dear, As Father’s Love so sweet and clear; And nothing greater comfort gives, Than Word of God that surely lives.
6. Though worldly minds do ramble on, And sinful flesh yet screams for fun; Our journey here is but a mile, And worldly life a little while.
7. Forever is a long long while, When there we’ll always sing and smile; Although it goes against or brains, In precious faith let us remain.
142 No Peace I Find Upon This Earth
(trans: 104 UL, En Rauhaa Loydakkaan)
1. No peace I find upon this earth, Away forever do I yearn; A stranger and a pilgrim here, In Salem is my homeland dear; Oh were I there.
2. Though dangers here are me surrounding, Moments of joy are ever changing; Yet in this vain and passing world, Eternal peace in Heaven my goal; Oh were I there.
3. Though from my friends I’m separated, Still in my faith I’ll trust elated; The Lord will guide me on my way, To that dear joyous land to stay; Oh were I there.
4. The mist of day already clouding, In this great wilderness is seeping; Though I’m burdened on my way, My final home I’ll reach I pray; Oh were I there.
5. My time is short while on I’m traveling, As now my earthly day is ending; And shades of night are drawing near, That Light from Heaven draws nearer here; Oh were I there.
6. That light within me starts a yearning, And in my heart a hope is burning; That star doth ever guide me on, Toward my homeland for which I long; Oh were I there.
7. Distressed, dear Jesus I will trust Thee, When I depart that Thou will help me; That I may reach that homeland shore, In peace to dwell forevermore; Were I there now.
143 The Lord Knows My Weakness
1. The Lord knows my weakness, He knows all my sins; But He has forgiven, In all love and grace; There’s not one sole hour, That I am alone; For Jesus is with me, Great comfort He gives.
2. My flesh is so sinful, And yearns for the world; But the Spirit is stronger, And stands through all storm; For the Saviour has conquered, And peace been declared; In praise we do sing of, This gift of God’s Love.

3. God’s Love knows no boundaries, It never does end; Though earth in it’s turmoil, Declares it not so; Though wise men can’t learn it, The Jews do not see; We don’t have to seek it, Just open our hearts.
4. When we look around us, There’s trouble and strife; But Lifting eyes upward, To God’s light of grace; Our burdens are lightened, Our feet find their wings; This road can’t be widened, As worldly ones think.
5. While homeward we travel, No detours we meet; Though rocks and sharp gravel, Do cut at our feet; With faith in the Father, And trust in our Lord; When the journey is over, We’ll meet our reward.
6. Midst trouble and turmoil, I sing as I go; Through struggle and toil, And all of the woe; My comfort is Jesus, Who makes my heart smile; I will join Him glorious, In just a short while.
144 Do Not Dearest Brother Sister
(trans: 58 UL, Ala Rakas Veli Sisko; E.K. Anderson)
1. Do not dearest brother sister, Look within that heart of thine; It is wholly cold and dismal, Arrogant and sin defiled.
2. Look instead upon thy Bridegroom, For with love His heart doth glow; there indeed the sinner findeth, Full enjoyment for his soul.
3. Errors failings and transgression, They are all forgiven thee; As the sacred blood attesteth, In His blood eternally.
4. Precious is this flock of children, Who in cleansing blood are washed; Chosen from the world so wicked, by the mighty hand of God.
5. When all lack is left hereunder, Then my soul is free to go; From the bondage of corruption, My dear Bridegroom to behold.
6. Watch O soul a little longer, Soon thy Bridegroom will arrive; And from here will bear thee yonder, Change thy grief of joy divine.
7. Tears of longing will thereafter, From my eyes no longer flow; As in Paradise I carol, Clad in Radiant Festal Robes.
8. Praise to Him my soul will render, For the Love He showed to me; Since the bonds of sin He severed, That His Glory I might see.
9. In one voice there all the Sainted, Praise their Maker with delight; And with them the Holy Angels, In that joyful hymn unite.
10. All the blessedness of Heaven, Is our portion here below; And when imperfection endeth, It will ever be our own.
11. Joyful then is our departure, When the Angels bear us hence; Joyfully farewell we utter, Soon our wedding will commence.

145 Those Five Deep Wounds Inflicted
(trans: 270 UL, Ne Viisi Veri Haavaa; E.K. Anderson)
1. Those five deep wounds inflicted, On Jesus’ body are; The city where His children, At liberty can lodge.
2. No raging storm or tempest, Can make that city fall; Since God Himself erected, It’s firm foundation wall.
3. The streets of that fair city, Are washed by mercy streams; And there celestial pilgrims, Can hold a jubilee.
4. For in the wine tree verdant, There is a fountain bright; Out from which ever surgeth, The fresh new sap of life.
5. Whenever children gather, Around that fountain clear; In midst of them the Master, Himself doth soon appear.
6. And then commenceth serving, The bread of life to them; So fire would start burning, In children’s heart again.
7. And when the bride beginneth, The Bridegroom’s love to know; For nothing else she wisheth, but unto Him to go.
8. Oh that I could retire, Soon in Thy wounds to rest; And lay my head so tired, Against Thy gentle breast.
9. For weary I am growing, Of earth’s endeavors vain; My spirit yearneth only, Repose and peace to gain.
146 Now Let Us Go Together
(trans: 22 UL, Yhdessa Lahtekaamme, E.K. Anderson)
1. Now let us go together, To look with eyes of faith; On wounds that have been rendered, Wide open for our sake.
2. While on the cross suspended, The blood from Him did flow; That remedy most blessed, For sickness of the soul.
3. Disease that would destroy us, Upon Himself He drew; Gave death a deadly poison, And hell itself He slew.
4. When on the cross He opened, The gates to Paradise; The Cherubim rejoicing, Then laid His sword aside.
5. The Conqueror with garment, On Him all bleeding wet; Returned from that great conflict, Triumphant over death.

6. On Friday eve His banner, He lifted up for us; To wage the children’s battle, Is now victorious.
7. Now Jesus liveth always, And we do also live; Impress Thy Love upon us, So praises we may give.
147 Once Zion’s Daughter Can Begin (trans: 301 UL, Siionin Tytar Kerran)
1. Once Zion’s daughter can begin, A song of victory to sing; Above in New Jerusalem, In that eternal peaceful realm; To which upon our way we march, Now on this earthly desert dark.
2. Once Zion’s daughter can lay down, Her pilgrim staff upon the ground; When once celestial guests descend, To take her home above with them; Away from this sad vale of tears, Oppressive grief and anxious fears.
3. Once Zion’s daughter can through grace, Live in a better dwelling place; At Father’s right hand she shall stand, Arrayed in might and glory grand; With Holy Angels harmonize, In God’s eternal Paradise.
4. So now O Jesus Bride adored, Abide on watch one moment more; Thy Bridegroom will be coming soon, And crowning thee with Glory too; IF He shall find thee still awake, On His arrival keeping faith.
148 O Jesus Thy Name Is My Fortress So Mighty
(trans: 245 UL, Oi Jeesus Sun Nimess; E.K. Anderson)
1. O Jesus Thy name is my fortress so mighty, My comfort, and my shield, and my saving grace; Secure as a bird in it’s nest I am lying, Now safely protected within Thy embrace.
2. Thy name is O Jesus a bulwark of granite, A sanctified city secure and so free; At night ‘tis my sun and my light everlasting, And there in my anguish for refuge I flee.
3. Thy name in affliction doth keep me well guarded, In war ‘tis my breastplate against all the foe; It giveth me hope when my faith is exhausted, Doth peace and good health to my heart now bestow.
4. Let therefore Thy name dearest Jesus support me, Then also in death when I am entering; And when at the throne of Thy judgement before Thee, Allow me to go of Thy name then to sing.
149 In Zion Never Ceaseth
(trans: 61 UL, Ei Lakkaa Kiitos Aani, E.K. Anderson)
1. In Zion never ceaseth, The sound of joyful praise; For Bridegroom’s heart still beateth, With burning love ablaze; To thankfulness it urgeth, This knowledge of our Friend; When mercy’s clearest current, Doth warm our souls again.

2. Oh praise Him Zion’s virgins, Adore the Lamb of God; From Him the blood came surging, So purified we are; The Bride is now attired, In raiment rich indeed; In which is no defilement, And not one ugly crease.
150 Where Is Thy Peer My Jesus
(trans: 36 UL, Jeesuksen Missa On Vertaa, E.K. Anderson)
1. Where is Thy peer my Jesus, Where a heart to match Thy own; I cannot find Thy equal, Though land and sea I roam.
2. Thy heart my soul’s beloved, Surpasseth all the rest; As I have found so often, In joy and in distress.
3. Thy mind my friend eternal, Doth never change toward me; Thou dost not deem it irksome, Compassionate to be.
4. Oh someone else would doubtless, Have left me long ago; And grievous cause aboundeth, Why Thy shouldst let me go.
5. But Thou Hast not-with-standing, Endured to bear with me; For Thou dost know exactly, What I have cost to Thee.
6. Upon Thy grace and merit, My blessedness I base; Alone in Thy forbearance, My trust I dare to place.
7. Thy own concern ‘tis truly, To keep me to the end; Since to Thy side Thou drew me, Oh Thee I now depend.
8. From in the dust I beg Thee, Forgive the debt I owe; Is not Thy heart still ready, Eternal grace to show.
9. So I would sing Thy praises, And pray from year to year; O’er every trial prevaileth, The love of Jesus dear.
151 Down Here Below On My Way Betroubled
(trans: 326 UL, Taalla Ma Alhaalla; E.K. Anderson)
1. Down here below on my way betroubled, I keep proceeding in faith and hope; Though weighed by sorrow and doubt I often, Despair if ever I reach my home.
2. Of nothing else I desire learning, but of the victory Jesus won; When I a sinner so undeserving, Can yet through mercy His child become.
3. No other hope do I have but only, The Bride of Jesus my Lord to be; And when I stand at the throne of glory, Receive the crown He prepared for me.
4. If I believe all my sins forgiven, Then in His blood I am purified; And my whole progress while here a pilgrim, In Jesus’ care I can leave beside.

5. He beareth me in His lap of mercy, His child so poor and so oft’ distressed; And while from here to my home I journey, He feedeth me at His mercy breast.
6. When here the days of my life are ended, The shores of home I shall see revealed; As by His power my soul ascendeth, To join the ranks of the flock redeemed.
7. And then this troublesome earthly journey, No longer there will return to mind; But Jesus shall as the sun eternal, In New Jerusalem brightly shine.
8. There hymns re-echo as all the sainted, To God forever make praises ring; Of Jesus triumph they sing elated, Among the Seraphim, Cherubim.
9. Not one is lost of the chosen people, Who into Heaven from earth arrived; And who believed in the blood of Jesus, That from their sins they were purified.
152 Raise Thy Heads From Earth Oppressive
(trans: 169 UL, Nosta Paasi Ylos Maasta, E.K. Anderson)
1. Raise thy heads from earth oppressive, Jesus’ flock so beauteous; Look up through this fog depressing, At thy King victorious.
2. Bright in shining robes of triumph, Our own Bridegroom doth appear; Victory He brought in dying, To His lowly Bride down here.
3. As triumphant now He standeth, blessing from His heart doth flow; Unto those by sorrow saddened, Comfort sweet He doth bestow.
4. All who fear oh hear Him saying, Gaze upon these wounds of mine; From them still is blowing daily, Mercy’s freshest honey wine.
5. Zion is indeed most blessed, In the Bridegroom’s gracious love; As a pledge His Holy Spirit, Jesus sent us from above.
6. Away with fear and slavish thinking, Jesus liveth with us here; So let every tongue start singing, Praises to our Bridegroom dear.
153 Oh The Precious Treasure Hidden
(trans: 159 UL, Kallis Aare Katkettyna, E.K. Anderson)
1. Oh the precious treasure hidden here in earthen vessels, Which will be in Heaven’s glory fully manifested.
2. Secretly our life is here concealed in God the Father, By the world unrecognized on path of life we wander.
3. Hidden is the light of Heaven from the world benighted, Which from dearest Jesus in our conscience brightly shineth.

4. Here the vapors of corruption hide our precious value, Often from the sea of doubt doth rise a chilling shadow.
5. On this earth we cannot know our preciousness completely, Though we are the price of blood our Bridegroom shed so meekly.
6. Jesus once will glorified appear before us yonder, We shall also at that time be gathered home with honor.
7. Up in Heaven all our treasure is preserved in safety, Therefore now the Lord’s appearance we are here awaiting.
154 No Matter How Hard We Try To Praise His Name
1. No matter how hard we try to praise His Name, Sometimes words just don’t seem to come; Though my tongue in it’s stammering may be so lame, No bonds will it know when I’m Home.
Chorus: For the Love of Jesus will carry me, Along this highway to be with Him; No grieving no sorrow will ever be, In the feast of our Lord’s victory.
2. My heart feels so cold in these bonds of sin, And the Devil just chills it more; But the wounds of Jesus has taken me in, And His blood gives me warmth evermore. Chorus:
3. Although I get hungry for spiritual food, Even whine like I often do; Just a small crumb from Heaven will change my mood, Cause I know He will carry me through. Chorus:
4. There are those who are searching for peace on earth, In their blindness they cannot see; Although here on earth we are mocked by their mirth, We are safe in the blood of the Lamb. Chorus:
5. So let’s just hang onto what we believe, This faith is not of this world; By the grace of God this world we’ll soon leave, We are told in God’s written word. Chorus:
6. By the body and blood we are all set free, By grace in the Father’s Son; Forgiveness of sins in Christ’s death on Calvary, Will carry us all to God’s Throne. Chorus:
155 That Word So Steadfast And Ever True
(trans: 31 UL, Se Sana Tosi Ja Vakava; E.K. Anderson)
1. That word so steadfast and ever true, Is heard repeated among us too; That Jesus Christ did descend on earth, And left His home at His Father’s word.
2. He here delivered the slaves of sin, And even Peter He did forgive; He showeth mercy to thee and me, And every sinner He maketh free.
3. That word so steadfast and ever true, Is heard repeated among us too; That Jesus Christ He brought peace on earth, And caused our minds to receive new birth.

4. A transformation He wrought in Paul, In many others and me withal; He showeth mercy to thee and me, And every sinner He maketh free.
5. God’s word is steadfast and ever true, Thus testifieth a multitude; The Saints already victorious, And those still running the race with us.
6. Among them John whom He loved indeed, Yet Matthew Mark, and now even me; So come thou also without delay, And just in Him thou wilt rest attain.
7. Within thyself do not seek the cause, But look instead on the Lamb of God; So condemnation thou shalt not see, Since on the cross He hath died for thee.
8. In blood the robber was purified, Zaccheus, Mary, And even I, So come this moment without delay, And just in Him thou wilt rest attain.
156 Jesus Dearest Bridegroom Never
(trans: 247 UL, Jeesus Rakas Ylka; E.K. Anderson)
1. Jesus dearest Bridegroom never, Will abandon me His Bride; but will take me home to Heaven, That His Name be glorified.
2. Though here shadows ‘round me thicken, As I travel in the fog; But when southwest wind beginneth, Out from Eden blowing soft.
3. Then the vapors start dissolving, And the sun to shine once more; Lowly Bride to look with longing, Toward the lovely homeland shore.
4. Thanks to Thee O dearest Father, For this precious gift to me; Since Thou gave Thy One begotten, Sacrifice for sin to be.
5. Is it strange that I should thank Him, For the priceless gift He brought; Is it strange that I should carol, Praises to the Lamb of God.
6. For from dying He preserved me, Gave immortal life to me; Poisoned death and then submerged it, In the sea eternally.
7. Now through faith we have acquired, All this treasure for our own; Let us still by faith inspired, Hasten toward the shores of home.
157 That Beautiful Shore Provideth
(trans: 120 UL, Ihana Rauhan Ranta, E.K. Anderson)
1. That beautiful shore provideth, Delightful peace and quiet; From trouble doth release, Maketh griefs and sorrows cease.
2. And there our Bridegroom tender, We can behold forever; Before the mercy seat, Holding palms of victory.

3. From in our midst so many, Have passed beyond already; Whom we do now recall, Sadly yearning for them all.
4. But even we tomorrow, May leave this world of sorrow; And go at home to be, With our friends eternally.
158 Praise To The Lamb Who Dying
(trans: 116 UL, Kiitos Karitsalle; E.K. Anderson)
1. Praise to the Lamb who dying, Did rise up from the grave; As now we are arriving, To worship in His name. May constantly our spirits, Of blood divine partake; And His five wounds continue, To be our meeting place.
2. And now as we are leaving, His blessing we invoke; And in His side entreat Him, To gather every soul. Let us asleep or waking, As daily tasks we do; Abide alert obeying, The Lord’s commandment new.
3. God’s Spirit pure and Holy, Perform Thy work and lead; by word and sermon spoken, The souls of men to Thee. Through faith upon Lord Jesus, Sustain and hold us fast; Who share in blood and keep us, ‘Till called away at last.
4. From war to peace we enter, Our pay we shall receive; At journeys end forever, Rejoice in victory. In Fatherland eternal, We all shall once appear, If hungering for mercy, We follow Jesus here.
159 We Who Are Newly Born God’s Blessed
(trans: 44 UL, Me Uudest Suntyneet; E.K. Anderson)
1. We who are newly born God’s blessed children, Let us abide in the best of cheer; For all our sins have been fully forgiven, In precious blood of our Jesus dear.
2. In it is peace to us amply provided, Sweetest repose for our souls as well; Which doth at times to us seem most delightful, While in this strange foreign land we dwell.
3. Oh those poor wretches unfortunate creatures, Who bring distress to the child of God; Awaken O Lord with Thy pure Holy Spirit, Tyrants who torment Thy purchased flock.
4. Ne’er can the world nor the armies of Satan, Plunder our hearts of this precious peace; Which we acquired in Jesus our Saviour, Ever through faith for our own to keep.
5. Blood shed by Jesus is flowing in rivers, Midst of the children whom God doth love; Let us abide in good cheer to the finish, Soon we will get to our home above.

160 Thanks To Thee My Jesus For A Crown
(trans: 73 UL, Sulle Kiitos Jeesus Kun; E.K. Anderson)
1. Thanks to Thee my Jesus for a crown Thou gave me, And from Heaven let me hear the murmur saying; That to dwell up there I can at last ascend, When this life of mine on earth is at an end.
2. Thanks to Thee that Thou didst from my sin awake me, And didst set all things before my eyes so plainly; With my sins down here I brought distress to Thee, And with them I caused Thy death in agony.
3. Unto Thee be praise for comforting my spirit, And assuring me that mercy free Thou givest; Therefore now depending on Thy mercy great, Thy forgiveness I can ever supplicate.
4. As I would desire here I cannot thank Thee, For my tongue is mute and strength in me is lacking; But at last in Heaven I can rightly praise, As upon Thee ever face to face I gaze.
5. There the Holy Angels joyfully attend me, There the great and small do adoration lend Thee; There the Saints are singing in a mighty crowd, And to Thee Hosanna crying out aloud.
6. There I hear with joy that I am wholly perfect, And to Thee have been a good and faithful servant; Though down here indeed is lacking much from me, That I know dear Jesus I shall get from Thee.
161 To Battle Mount of Golgotha
(trans: 5 UL, Golgatan Sotavuorelle, E.K. Anderson)
1. To battle mount of Golgotha, Oh close to it now let us draw; There is a fountain shining bright, There let us drink and feel delight.
2. So lift thy eyes aloft and raise, Them up to Calvary to gaze; Upon the river flowing there, With innocence so bright and fair.
3. Oh children see that spring of thine, Which right before thee now doth shine; Deep streams of mercy flow there from, And tender there our hearts become.
4. Look straight ahead O children dear, And see that spring how it is clear; Which in thy conscience light doth throw, So that thy brother thou canst know.
5. Thy sins are paid it doth declare, Thy faults it doth forget fore’er; He loveth now His brothers all, And can no wrong in them recall.
6. So for that grace with happy heart, I sing and play upon my harp; There Jesus nourisheth anew, His children’s heart with mercy dew.
7. That mercy river beauteous, Which softeneth the hearts of us; Doth alienate us from this earth, And bear us home to joy and mirth.
8. Oh there the children all sing praise, And there upon their worth they gaze; With crows on head they dance for joy, Since they are freed from care and toil.

9. So thanks to Thee O Father mine, And honor to the Son divine; For all Thy pain and suffering, This with a humble heart I bring.
10. O sacrificial Lamb beloved, Who washed my conscience in His blood; For that I now do give Thee praise, Sing Amen, Amen all my days.
162 Those Moments Oh How Blissful
(trans: 45 UL, Oi Aikaa Autuasta; E.K. Anderson)
1. Those moments oh how blissful, In Zion that we share; Oh fortunate existence, Oh joy beyond compare; There streams of life are pouring, From Jesus open wounds; The banquet there affording, The soul with strength anew.
2. The children there are offered, The most delicious fare; Though often they are bothered, By clouds of dark despair; And grieved by their own badness, Down in the depths descend; But peace that Jesus granteth, Doth help them rise again.
3. Up from corruption’s mire, To see their blessed worth; Which sinners have acquired, and do in Him preserve; Indeed repose the sweetest, our spirits there can find; And oh how good it seemeth, To us here oftentimes.
4. Poor wretches who in daytime, In darkness still proceed; And Father’s voice so gracious, They do not care to heed; The Master in the Garden, Blood red from every pore; Can never for His trouble, Get them as His reward.
5. Oh Lord beloved Jesus, Defend Thy children well; In Thy protection keep them, Safe from the jaws of Hell; Conceal us all hereunder, In wounds which Thou received; When punishment Thou suffered, For our iniquities.
6. Although the world is roaring, My peace it cannot break; Though Satan’s might is storming, Against me in it’s hate; No harm to me however, Can anything now do; Since I abide ensheltered, In Jesus’ bleeding wounds.
7. We never could imagine, This blessedness before; When in the world we traveled, In heedlessness forlorn; But into all the darkness, The light began to shine; When aid the Father offered, To us though grace divine.
163 How Beautiful It Seemeth
(trans: 16 UL, O Kuinka Ihanata; E.K. Anderson)
1. How beautiful it seemeth, For us to look upon; The Conqueror who bleedeth, Victorious on the cross.
2. Although His blood He sheddeth, In death about to sink; And vinegar He getteth, Combined with gall to drink.
3. But still the heart within Him, With love is burning bright; As our salvation winning, Himself He sacrificed.

4. To Father He doth render, The children He redeemed; His life He doth surrender, His bleeding wounds reveal.
5. The price He paid to save us, Is dear in Father’s sight; In peace serene and gracious, At rest we now abide.
6. This sacrifice sufficient, Doth make Him pleased with us; A fire it doth kindle, In tears shed by His Son.
7. And if a little closer, I could now comprehend; The Love which overfloweth, The heart of my dear friend.
8. My journey it would lighten, Dispel my griefs and woes; And hope in me would heighten, My spirit could repose.
9. Upon God’s tender mercy, I pass the time away; While on this mournful journey, In Him I shall prevail.
164 There Is Now Up In Heaven For Children Prepared (trans: 118 UL, Onpa Taivaassa Tarolla; E.K. Anderson)
1. There is now up in Heaven for children prepared, For all those who do Jesus adore; Golden crowns and the purest white garments to wear, Harps on which they can play evermore.
2. Purest gold is the roadway upon which they stroll, As with Angels they carol all day; There forever the face of the Lamb they behold, Who was sacrificed sinners to save.
3. At the fountain of life they are seated content, bread of life they are nourished upon; Night has vanished away also troublesome death, Ever shineth the Glory of God.
4. Grief and sorrow have ended their flow evermore, Consolation eternal doth stream; To the Lord adoration the blessed accord, As they rest at His bosom serene.
165 The Bride Up To The Wedding Hall
(trans: 139 UL, Valmiina On Morisian; E.K. Anderson)
1. The Bride up to the wedding hall, Is ready to depart; When she shall hear the Bridegroom call, The wedding now doth start.
2. The Bridegroom with His very life, The Bride to Him hath bound; And with His blood He paid the price, To buy her wedding gown.
3. When here on Him a crown of thorns, Was laid in mockery; The Bride was then by Him adorned, In robes of majesty.
4. And when the lowly Bride doth gaze, Upon her wedding gown; Desire in her heart doth blaze, To sing His praise aloud.

5. The Father in His kindness did, Arrange the matter so; That children’s downfall into sin, Was all in blood atoned.
6. How fortunate we are indeed, We children of the Lord; When sins are sunken in the stream, Of blood forevermore.
7. If just a moment she will wait, The Bride of Jesus can; Yet hear the call: Come celebrate, The wedding of the Lamb.
8. Then all these tears and sorrows will, Be left upon this shore; When summer swallows once begin, Away from here to soar.
9. Up to their lovely native land, To carol songs of praise, To their beloved slaughtered Lamb, For His abundant grace.
10. And there my song of praise will chime, With sweeter melody; When this corruption’s garb of mine, Is taken off from me.
11. The Bride will dance with happiness, In Golden crown adorned; When once the wedding shall commence, Which endeth nevermore.
12. From wedding wine she is by Him, Made drunken with delight; And there her name is written in, The blessed book of life.
13. The troubles of the way she then, Will recollect no more; When with her Groom in Heaven’s realm, It’s glories they explore.
166 I Now Begin To Carol
(trans: 125 UL, Nyt Alan Mina Laulaa; E.K. Anderson)
1. I now begin to carol, My praises to the Lord; In Zion soon my travel, Will end forevermore.
2. The time is fast arriving, When I shall hear the call; My powers are declining, My strength will soon be gone.
3. For death’s cold hands are beating, Already at my breast; While Bridegroom dear doth speed me, To be His wedding guest.
4. So I depart and swiftly, From here I shall proceed; Inside the Holy City, I soon shall be received.
5. If yet a while I tarry, On Mount of Golgotha; To Jesus I can carry, My praise in joyful psalm.
6. Soon this corruption vexing, I shall no more recall; As from my cares I rest me, And shall not die at all.
7. My soul has found its Bridegroom, It’s treasure unsurpassed; Old Adam’s grim attire, I can discard at last.

8. Before my eyes already, The Fatherland doth shine; And in my ears doth echo, The sound of harps divine.
9. Celestial bells are ringing, Already in my ear; This message they are bringing, The Bridegroom draweth near.
10. Who loved me so completely, He let His blood be shed; Which gladdened me so deeply, I followed where He led.
11. Since I indeed am plighted, Lord Jesus’ Bride to be; I praise Him in my lifetime, And yet eternally.
12. The Bride above is given, A golden crown so bright; At her own wedding drinketh, A cup of pure delight.
13. With clean white robes upon her, She need not feel ashamed, When to the seat of honor, At His right side conveyed.
14. The Bridegroom soon arriveth, To take her Home with Him; And Father draweth nigh then, To see the Bride brought in.
167 The Wedding Of The Lamb Is Held
(trans: 105 UL, Karitsan Haita Vietetaan; E.K. Anderson)
1. The wedding of the Lamb is held, In Heaven’s might meetings; In Heaven’s mighty meeting; And He is in the midst Himself, Who suffered death so meekly; Who suffered death so meekly.
2. The Lamb’s deep wounds they brightly shine, A radiant light affording; A radiant light affording; And strength from them they all derive, Who wear the crown of glory; Who wear the crown of glory.
3. From them the sweetest wine doth flow, To fill our souls with rapture; To fill our souls with rapture; From them the power is bestowed, Our stubborn will to master; Our stubborn wills to master.
4. There lovely is the wedding hall, All richly decorated; All richly decorated; There harps resound within it’s walls Of gold it is created; Of gold it is created.
5. In shining crowns the righteous go, About the plane celestial; About the plane celestial; As spirit winds upon them blow, With power great they tremble; With power great they tremble.
6. There all the Saints a singing psalms, Before the Throne of Glory; Before the Throne of Glory; And as they carry shining palms, Unceasingly adore Him; Unceasingly adore Him.
7. They never hush a new refrain, There constantly commenceth; There constantly commenceth; And even I can carol praise, When this my course in ended; When this my course is ended.
8. My native land I then shall reach, In Father’s house arriving; In Father’s house arriving; For which down here with tears of grief, I have so long been pining; I have so long been pining.

9. Now like a desert bird I wend, My weary way hereunder; My wear way hereunder; But I shall carol praises when, In Father’s lap up yonder; In Father’s lap up yonder.
10. And in that hope my time I pass, Or it would go too slowly; Or it would go too slowly; Who saw down here with tears at last, Will reap with joy in Glory; Will reap with joy in Glory.
11. The bearers of the cross one day, Will amply be rewarded; Will amply be rewarded; All those who here endure in faith, Are there a crown awarded; Are there a crown awarded.
12. Attending school beneath the cross, My way is often grievous; My way is often grievous; But comforted I am because, My teacher is Lord Jesus; My teacher is Lord Jesus.
13. With crown on head and palms in hand, We can correctly praise Him; We can correctly praise Him; When in New Salem with the Lamb, Our wedding celebrating; Our wedding celebrating.
14. To Jesus adoration there, The children sing delighted; The children sing delighted; A crown in Heaven is prepared, For all who are invited; For all who are invited.
168 In Heaven A Beautiful Home I Possess
(trans: 112 UL, Mun Kotoni Taivassa Ihana On; E.K. Anderson)
1. In Heaven a beautiful home I possess, And there all my thoughts are now turning; Since here my existence is filled with unrest, Toward Heaven my spirit is yearning; For look there my sorrows are ended for aye, My worries eternally carried away, In faith if I finish my journey.
2. My pathway below in this valley of grief, By shadows is constantly clouded; And even the sun it is often concealed, When Heaven in mist is enshrouded; My pilgrimage then is emburdened with care, My very existence is filled with despair, When here by temptations surrounded.
3. But comfort I have as I travel this road, Since God ever walketh beside me; While guiding my footsteps my hand He doth hold, And in my distress doth revive me; Indeed if assistance the Lord would not lend, And on my own powers I had to depend, No hope would I have of surviving.
4. Oh blessedness Jesus belongeth to me, And no one can make Him desert me; God’s Son now Himself is my brother indeed, A friend above others most worthy; Whatever the world should before me now bring, I cast it away as a poor worthless thing, Compared to my share in His Mercy.
5. Since Jesus Thy love did compel Thee to leave, The arms of Thy Father and enter; On earth to abide with me praise for that deed, I cannot sufficiently render; For Heaven completely my own Thou didst make, The waters accursed Thou drank for my sake, And paid for my sins in full measure.
6. So therefore be honor and glory to Thee, Dear Jesus because of Thy mercy; Oh keep me attached to Thee constantly, In faith to the end of my journey; Thy strength and assistance upon me bestow, The cheer of Thy Spirit permit me to know, While here on my pilgrimage earthly.

169 Jesus Seeketh Nothing From Us
(trans: 26 UL, Jeesus Ei Meilta Muuta; E.K. Anderson)
1. Jesus seeketh nothing from us, Save our naked heart alone; To reward Him for His trouble, We are now indeed His own; Free salvation He extended, Drank the gall for us intended; Shamefully upon the cross, Died the guiltless Lamb of God.
2. Jesus is our Bridegroom dearest, No one else doth love us so; He is ever present near us, Doth preserve us from all woe; Wanteth never to forsake us, Only as His Bride to take us; He is our beloved one, Our own Groom He hath become.
3. A Bridegroom’s heart and fond desire, Jesus now doth manifest; His poor Bride He ever guideth, With the greatest tenderness; In His mercy He doth keep us, Like a shepherd ever lead us; Jesus Jesus I am Thine, And in dying Thou art mine.
4. Though the Bride is all unworthy, Wholly sinful and defiled; Naked mean and undeserving, Only fit to be despised; Yet in such condition wretched, By the Lord she is accepted; Soul and body He doth wash, In the river of His blood.
5. With His won unselfish merit, He doth clothe His lowly Bride; In great agony He perished, All her nakedness to hide; When the Bride the Bridegroom seeth, And His side from whence she springeth; She doth sing I have a Groom, Who is white and crimson too.
6. And from many thousand others, I shall know my chosen friend; Unto Him myself I offer, On His word I can depend; Now the whitened lips of Jesus, And His form as He redeemed us; So much joy in me beget, That all lese I can forget.
7. Jesus I am Thine forever, Safe in Thee I now abide; And my heart to Thee surrender, Leave it in Thy care besides; Pain and anguish Thou has suffered, So my heart Thou might recover; That I wholly give to Thee, Be it Thine eternally.
8. Dearest in Thy care preserve me, ‘Till as Thy invited guest; At Thy wedding I can serve Thee, And recline upon Thy breast; With the old and young in glory, Praises I shall sing before Thee; I rejoice already here, Troubles soon will disappear.
170 On The Mountain Of Zion I Looked And Lo
(trans: 133 UL, Nain Nain Mina Karitsan; E.K. Anderson)
1. On the mountain of Zion I looked and lo, A Lamb I saw standing there; And unto Him caroling stood a host, Who the mark of the Lamb did bear.
2. From out of the Heaven’s a voice I heard, Heard the singing of Angels too; And harpers I heard as with joy uncurbed, The voice from their harps they drew.
3. A song ever new they were singing there, Before the great throne of God; And before the four beasts with Elders e’er, Repeating that sacred psalm.
4. And no one could learn it but them who had, In their foreheads His name inscribed; Whose robes in the blood of the Blessed Lamb, Completely were purified.

5. It was these who from earth from among all men, Were to God and the Lamb redeemed; No guile could be found in the mouths of them, For faultless they were indeed.
6. These are they who with women were not defiled, But kept themselves pure and chaste; For virgins they were who had all the while, Attended the Lamb in faith.
7. O rapture and joy everlastingly, There will be when the Lamb is wed; The Bride will be clad in apparel clean, A crown will adorn her head.
8. And then evermore at His side above, She will carol of victory; Rejoicing because of abiding love, In the bliss of eternity.
171 Be That Golgatha Bleeding Red River
(trans: 290 UL, Tuolla Golgatan Verisella Viralla; E.K. Anderson)
1. By that Golgotha bleeding red river, There are turtle doves chirping in swarms; Where the victory sunshine a-glimmer, Makes the breasts of the birds become warm.
2. On its shores never tempests come roaring, Nor do savage wild beast ever howl; Where the peace-loving doves always warble, Where the swallows a shelter have found.
3. From the river new strength they can gather, The forgiveness of sins to believe; The smallest of blood-meadow saplings, And by grace they begin to grow green.
4. When the roots of their hearts are imbedded, In the olive-tree teeming with life; In whose side, little swallows for nesting, Find a place where from storms they can hide.
5. There’s no need any fear to be feeling, Though the storm on the sea does not lull; For the helm of the vessel is keeping, hero warrior, covered with blood.
6. He who feed us with bread of His body, Gives us drink from the wine-bleeding stream; Also bears us in arms that are loving, Till at home up in glory we’ll be.
7. Many friends are already removed there, Song of triumph already they sing; Always Amen and Hallelujah, Always praising the Lamb who is King.
8. Up before the white throne there in Heaven, As to Father’s right hand they are shown; Where their sorrows are banished forever, And a tear in the eye is unknown.
9. There will all whom we miss be together, All singing in praise of the Lamb; Ever head it’s own crown will be wearing, And be seen not one face that is sad.
10. Jesus’ Bride is now yearning to go there, With her Bridegroom forever to live; To look on His wounds that are bleeding, To them always her kisses to give.
11. And because all my sins are forgiven, So my soul can forever be free; I give praises to Thee, my dear Jesus, I give praises and praises to Thee.

172 Beautiful The Sun At Dawning
(trans: 82 UL, Kaunis Aamuaurinkoinen; E.K. Anderson)
1. Beautiful the sun at dawning, Oh, how clear and bright it glows; So to children , love is lovely, From the Father’s heart that flows.
2. Rowing steady, throwing nets in, Through the night, but all in vain; They have labored without resting, Yet the men no fish have gained.
3. But just look when sun arises, There stands Jesus on the shore; Frying fish upon the fire, Breaking bread with joy once more.
4. Call His friends to come on land and, Dine with Him from off the coals; And His voice, Oh, how it gladdens, All those tired, hungry souls.
5. Then they eat and start rejoicing, As their troubles fade away; They forget their night of toiling, And on Jesus put their faith.
6. Come, dear Jesus, kind and gracious, Still upon the shore appear; When our boat we row with labor, On the sea of grief and fear.
7. And on land when all exhausted, Down upon the ground we lie; Help to lift the weary-hearted, Into peace our spirits guide.
173 Now The Cares Of Day Are Ending
(trans: 122 UL, Jopa Loppui Paivan Vaivat; E.K. Anderson)
1. Now the cares of day are ending, Eventide will bring release; And the Lord will bring release; And the Lord will bid me gently, “Weary one, now go in peace.”
2. When He lets the worn and tired, Down to sleep at last be laid; Gladly then I shall retire, To the bosom of the grave.
3. Hard is not the slab upon which, I am lowered down to rest; Neither narrow is the coffin, That is sealed upon my breast.
4. Though on earth the tempest rages, It cannot disturb my sleep; Lovely is my quiet chamber, Blissful there to rest in peace.
5. When the day of life eternal, Once begins approaching, then; Dearest Jesus, Lord of mercy, Will awaken me again.
6. From the tomb in which I’m resting, He will summon me to rise; Into life He’ll resurrect me, Carry me to paradise.
7. All my loved ones in God’s keeping, Now I leave beside the grave; But in Heaven I shall meet them, Once again, secure and safe.

174 Let Us Bide A Little Longer
(Trans: 99 UL, Viela Vahan Viipykaamme; E.K. Anderson)
1. Let us bide a little longer, In these Kedar dwellings drear; Soon we’ll hear our Bridegroom yonder; Calling us away from here.
2. To our homeland where forever, Wedding of the Lamb we’ll keep; There we shall no more remember, Any sorrow, care or grief.
3. There is happiness eternal, Jubilee so great and free; Only there with hearts unburdened, Can we carol joyfully.
4. Therefore, Bridegroom do not tarry, but come take Thy bride away; And dear Father, Come and carry, All Thy children home to stay.
5. As a stranger here I wonder, And away I yearn to flee; For in Heaven with dear Father, In the rightful Home for me.
175 That Moment In Gethsemane
(Trans: 209 UL, Tuo Hetki Getsemanessa; E.K. Anderson)
1. That moment in Gethsemane, Is left in mind fore’er; When sweating blood in agony, I saw my Jesus there.
Chorus: I’ll not forget, I’ll not forget, Not e’er Thy agony; When on Thy knees I saw Thee get, In dark Gethsemane.
2. When in that midnight garden dim, I gazed with spirit eyes; There by the world’s consuming sin, I saw Thee agonized. Chorus:
3. By all forsaken there Thou bore, Intense distress for me; Let me remember evermore, What I have cost to Thee. Chorus:
4. But should Thou see my love for Thee, Becoming cold, oh, then; Direct me to Gethsemane, To view Thy pain again. Chorus:
176 We’re On Our Journey Home Today
(trans: 263 UL, Matkalla Oomme Kotia, E.K. Anderson)
1. We’re on our journey home today, In midst of storms severe; But Jesus ever leads the way, Through raging tempests here.
2. And soon from here we’ll all depart, For our dear home on high; When Bridegroom calls and trumpets start, Resounding in the sky.
3. With Angel throngs He’ll then descend, To carry us away; And home to bliss that never ends, His little ones convey.

4. To have that blessedness in which, They had believed; Although it always was against the wish, Of Satan here below.
5. And ever ready is the bride, To leave without delay; Should Bridegroom come at eventide, Or at the break of day.
6. So now in confidence across, This wilderness we roam; Not even simple ones get lost, But will get safely home.
7. Still wave the flag of victory, And far indeed it shines; So children small can easily, That banner recognize.
177 Easter Is Indeed A Mighty Holiday
(trans: 24 UL, Paasiainen Onpi Suuri Juhlamme, E.K. Anderson)
1. Easter is indeed a mighty holiday, For it brought the Lamb who for our sake was slain, Sacred blood that flowed then washed our sins away, And in righteousness our spirits it arrayed.
Chorus: Thank Thee, Jesus, for that, Thank Thee, soul and tongue of mien, Hosanna, Amen.
2. Open is the grave, the veil is rent in half Heaven too is open, and our homeward path. High aloft is raised the flag of victory, Children hear the greeting: Peace be unto thee. Chorus:
3. Now our God and conscience, both are satisfied, For our sake since, Jesus has been sacrificed; He has made us perfect, in our Father’s sight, And for all our weakness, answers with His might. Chorus:
4. Grant us mercy, Jesus, Just to follow Thee, By Thy bleeding footprints, Heaven’s path to see; On this festal table spread the bread of life, Pour celestial wine to fill us with delight. Chorus:
5. World it cannot see this flag of victory Nor can unbelievers feel this ecstasy, But, O doubting Thomas, now come here and see How the wine tree still is bleeding red for thee. Chorus:
6. And a farewell meeting we will hold one day On the Mount of Olives singing songs of praise; Triumph banner rises, snatches us and then bears us on the clouds to New Jerusalem. Chorus:
178 Earth Is New And Heaven Too
(trans: 219 UL, Uusi Taives Ja Uusi Maa; E.K. Anderson)
1. Earth is new and heaven too, In the New Jerusalem; There the children carol praise Blessed throngs their voices raise.
2. There ‘tis summer constantly, Every conscience glad and free; Love becomes there so intense, Just because of blessedness.
3. That it’s like a tongue of flame, Set believers hearts ablaze; From big choirs music swells, Din wide halls like ringing bells.

4. There the harps a-humming chime, There the drums keep beating time, Brides there proudly promenade, In bright golden robes arrayed.
5. Bride would be too poor and low, But she’s clad in Bridegroom’s robe; Costly gift to her is brought, And the wedding bond is wrought.
6. Crown of rubies on her head, Precious bleeding drops of red; From the rubies’ lustrous light, Hear is kindled with delight.
7. A ring is on her finger pressed, On the ring a stone is set; On the stone has been inscribed, The new title of the Bride.
8. Now she stands forth in the light, Of the day so clear and bright; Clad in robes of silken cloth, Clean and white without a spot.
9. She is Bridegroom’s image true, Of His will and nature too; And His own He’ll recognize, Thus her spirit testifies.
10. Now is joy beyond compare, Rapture stirs all who are there; Think, my soul, by this is meant, Wedding of New Testament.
179 My Heart’s Desire Only Is To See
(trans: 295 UL, Ma Sydamestani Nahda Halajan; E.K. Anderson)
1. My heat’s desire only is to see, Beloved Bridegroom of eternity; Thou art my Savior, My Emanuel, Eternally Redeemer mine as well.
2. I’ll never wish for anything beside, Complete contentment then my soul will find; When lover mine up there I once can see Who gave His life on Golgotha for me.
3. Forever then my harp with joyful chants, Will mingle in the Holy hymn of thanks; While multitudes that He can call His own, Are gathered round the shining crystal throne.
4. Their crowns of gold they throw down at His feet, Are glorified in garments white as fleece; The song of triumph on their harps they play, To Thee, O Holy Lord, We offer praise.
5. The power of the blood He shed for me, Has brought about this blessed victory, So that forever in the house of God, In words of truth it loudly echoes on.
6. The law’s demands are now completely filled, The price is paid in full for all our sins; We’re given mercy through the grace of God, It so is testified in sacred blood.
7. The Cherubim with feathered wings of white, The seat of mercy now no longer hide; It stands uncovered in our very midst, And ye who thirst, O drink now from the spring.
8. With manna sweet the hungry soul is fed, From out the dust, O, lift up now Thy head; Through eyes of hope it is revealed to me, That Bridegroom mine I very soon shall see.

9. And to my faith it only gives more strength, To know the crown is my inheritance; However black is here our soul’s abode, In Jesus still with cleanliness we’re clothed.
180 Traveler’s Thought It Keeps Returning
(trans: 109 UL, Matkemiehen Miell Palaa; E.K. Anderson)
1. Traveler’s thought it keeps returning, Homeward to the journey’s end; And the same my soul keeps yearning, To the New Jerusalem, To that fatherland where Jesus, Has already gone ahead; Land of peace, when shall I reach it, Leave behind these bonds of death?
2. Watchmen, how is time proceeding? Does not yet my hour strike? Though I’m overcome with grieving, Surely soon will end the night. Oh, come quickly Bridegroom holy, Bride of Thine to take away; Moments move so very slowly, Waiting for the wedding day.
3. In myself too poor and humble, Am indeed Thy bride to be; But Thy mercy robes upon me, I am snowy white and clean, I am like the purest lilies, In the blessed garden gates; I am Heaven’s precious vintage, By the gracious Master’s grace.
4. Bridegroom’s arms and Heaven’s Glory, May they so my soul possess; That I’ll safely cross the ocean, That I’ll come to no distress; There no more are raging tempests, Sin no longer can destroy; Peace complete and full contentment, Heart of mine will there enjoy.
5. Newer song with newer tongue then, All together we will sing; Pure in mind with brighter bodies, Never never wearying. Every mouth then rings with rapture, Time departs with its distress; Souls from tree of life there gather, Perfect, perfect happiness.
181 Unto God Now Sing A Song
(trans: 65 UL, Jumalalle Veisatkaa; E.K. Anderson)
1. Unto God now sing a song, Old and young and everyone; Carol with a joyful mouth, And rejoicing shout aloud; God from love, gave to us, As a gift His only Son, Curse from us to take away, With His blessing to repay.
2. He who sprang from woman’s seed, Unto Him let praises be; Serpent’s head was crushed by Him, Grave, O where is now thy Sting? Life He thus, glorious, In Himself has given us, When in Christ our life it be, Then in death is victory.
3. Never can this rapture great, Here the human tongue relate; Which believers do indeed From the Word of God receive, Let us stay, in the faith, And we thereby will be saved; Here’s salvation without cost, Who will not believe is lost.
4. Come now, look and listen still, Eat and drink and have thy fill, From the fruit of grace divine, From unleavened bread and wine; Without fees, without means, Jesus blessedness decrees; Poor receive their hearts’ content, Rich are left with emptiness
5. Precious soul, a moment pause, Look and listen, give it thought Jesus grants to thee as well, As to me this blessedness; Take it free, just believe, What dear Jesus offers thee; Say thou “Amen” now in faith, And thou art forever saved.

182 Now Our Sun Is High Arisen
(trans: 23 UL, Aurinkomme Ylos; E.K. Anderson)
1. Now our sun is high arisen, Shines on Mount of Victory; And from it warm rays are given, Which dissolve all care and grief. Come together, birds of Heaven, Air of summer, here to breathe; Warble now, O little robins, On the wine tree’s branches green.
2. Winter’s cold has now been shattered, Stormy weather is at end; In the sky the snow-clouds scattered, Chilling mists are all dispelled; On the trees the leaves are budding, From the ground white roses grow, Southwest breezes soft and balmy, From the land of Edom blow.
3. Breasts of birds with joy are swelling, As they fly in air above, And with hearts all soft and melting, Sing the happy turtle doves; Life and blessedness abiding, In the people of the Lord; Sun upon the cross is shining, Red and white forevermore.
4. Air of mercy now is filling, Grieving hearts with joy untold; Pure and peaceful is the spirit, which from Jesus’ bosom flows. Now from under doubt arises, Soul of mine to Thee adore, Longing from here to go flying, To the everlasting shore.
183 There Was A Wedding Held Of Old
(trans: 210 UL, Kuin Haita Muinoin Vietettiin; E.K. Anderson)
1. There was a wedding held of old In Galilean Canaan When Jesus And His mother both Received an invitation; If thou invite Him even yet He’ll come and be Thy wedding guest And bring His benediction.
2. When rapture reached its height that day And all the guests were merry, The servants found to their dismay The jugs of wine were empty; Thou canst not hope for days of bliss Without the cross, But through all this The Lord is ever present.
3. And when oppression and distress Indeed become most grievous, The greatest help thou canst possess Is confidence in Jesus; So therefore constantly in faith For His assistance supplicate; He will assist thee gladly.
4. To comfort thee He will begin Converting grief to gladness; To those who dare to trust in Him His aid He ever granteth; But in what place and in what way The Lord assistance will convey, Let He Himself determine.
5. When for the wine of joy we hope, As ‘neath our cares we falter, Thus oftentimes He’ll fill our bowl, With sorrow’s bitter water, So that the heart with mournfulness, Is forced to sigh in its distress, While tears are ever flowing.
6. O Christians dear who must down here Encounter tribulation, Still bear thy cross, thy load severe Which into triumph changeth, So Jesus biddeth: This fulfilled And for His aid beseech Him still, Rely upon Him only.
7. The hand of our dear Lord observe How well it help affordeth, Receiving water in the urn To wine He doth transform it, Thus grief is changed to happiness By thy celestial wedding guest, If thou depend upon Him.

8. Though troublesome may be the start The end will change to rapture Who is not wroth to bear his cross Will enter joy hereafter. The Lord doth till the end withhold The finest wine to serve His own. To Him be praise forever.
184 I Sing About My Blessedness
(trans: 17 UL, Ma Veisaan Autuudestani; E.K. Anderson)
1. I sing about my blessedness, And praise my Bridegroom’s worth; Since my divine inheritance, In Heaven is preserved.
2. I know that all the earth one day, Will crumble into dust; The pride of flesh will fade away, Like grass that has been crushed.
3. Our homeward way we now pursue, Amid great storm and stress; But Jesus is our helmsman who, Still guides the ship Himself.
4. Our native land we’ll soon behold, With shores serene and calm; And so in faith while tempests roll, Let us keep sailing on.
5. I carol now with conscience clear, Since from distress I’m free; And then in Heaven, Bridegroom dear, I’ll praise Thee joyfully.
6. A pasture rich has been prepared, By Lamb of God divine; Come eat and drink, beloved friends, Get drunk on mercy wine.
7. Oh, blessed flock of children who, On Zion Mount are found; And to the Bleeding Bridegroom through, His sacred pledge are bound.
8. Let not the moan of slaves be heard, Let fettered souls be free; Since sin and guilt are now submerged, Beneath the mercy sea.
9. I care about no other thing, Save Bridegroom’s voice to know; All ye who thirst, Come to this spring, Where living waters flow.
185 Oh How Serene And Beautiful
(trans: 244 UL, O Kuinka Kaunis Ja Ihana; E.K. Anderson)
1. Oh, how serene and beautiful, Is Jesus’ bride beloved, who; Is now in white apparel dressed, Betrothal seal upon her breast.
2. Although with scorn she’s looked upon, And by the world severely mocked; Indeed she’s deemed of little worth, The bride of Jesus here on earth.
3. But once the dawn will yet appear, For all God’s children bright and clear; When drums and trumpets shall begin, From in the clouds above to ring.
4. Celestial Angels then will start, To play her lovely wedding march; And when the Bridegroom opens wide, The pearly portals for His Bride.

5. She’s carried into glory land, To hold the wedding of the Lamb; Attired in her wedding gown, In which no wrinkle can be found.
6. The Bridegroom was all wet with blood, When once upon the cross He hung; But to His own He shouted then: “Regards from Heaven – Peace to men.”
7. “That now the war is won indeed, The fort of death is tightly sealed”. So captives ransomed sing today, Prodigal sons and daughters gay.
8. When sins forgiven we believe, Our souls repose in peace serene; So let us keep believing that, Lord Jesus work is adequate.
9. Though Satan never would agree, To let the child of God be free, But Bridegroom with celestial wine, Just fills His bride with joy divine.
10. So that her Lord she’ll recognize, And never turn her eyes aside; From Sinai comes the smell of death, No comfort thus from there we get.
11. But child of mercy just draw near, The bosom of your Mother dear; Your eyes to Golgatha now raise, Upon the slaughtered Lamb to gaze.
12. There children find the place wherein, Is fully paid our debt of sin; When once by bleeding crimson tides, Were dyed the vict’ry mountain sides.
13. So is it strange that children here, Keep praising their own Bridegroom dear; God’s children who by grace were won, The blessed heirs of Kingdom Come.
186 O Dearest Lord Jesus
(trans: 207 UL, Oi Rakkahin Jeesus; E.K. Anderson)
1. O dearest Lord Jesus, Thou came for my sake, To poverty here so Thy wealth I might take, Thou came without home, without wealth or degree, So let there be praise and great glory to Thee.
Chorus: Then in Heaven I can, Thee forever adore, When once I’ve departed this vanishing shore; The blood from Thee flowing has set my soul free, So let there be praise and great glory to Thee.
2. Here kindness and grace from Thy lips ever flowed, The wish of Thy heart thus to me was disclosed; Art modest and humble, from sin wholly free; So let there be praise and great glory to Thee. Chorus:
3. The halt and the blind Thou to health did restore, The robber with Thee into Heaven Thou bore; Thy mercy Thou granted to sinners like me, So let there be praise and great glory to Thee. Chorus:
4. The vinegar bitter Thou drank for my sake, The sins of the world on Thyself Thou did take, The mercy of heaven Thou pleaded for me, So let there be praise and great glory for Thee. Chorus:

5. Thy love did convey Thee at last to the cross, Thus sinner Thou rescued from measureless loss; Of triumph Thou shouted when dying for me, So let there be praise and great glory to Thee. Chorus:
6. Arrayed in Thy might Thou arose from the grave, Thus new and perpetual life to me gave, Then tidings of peace Thou came bringing to me, So let there be praise and great glory to Thee. Chorus:
7. Thus sin was defeated and death overcome, Now children can sing of the victory won; Already prepared for the wedding are we, So let there be praise and great glory to Thee. Chorus:
187 The Lord Jesus With His Lifeblood
(trans: 35 UL, Herra Jeesus Verellansa; E.K. Anderson)
1. The Lord Jesus with His lifeblood, For our sins atonement made; And on Golgotha in dying, For our sake the law He paid.
2. All my load of sin He carried, Suffered death instead of me; And forever He has buried, All my failings in the sea.
3. Now no longer I’ll endeavor, by my toil my soul to free, He alone did all the labor, So with joy I am released.
4. And the sum of my transgressions, Weighing them no smaller grow; It is only His redemption, Makes them all forever go.
5. In His triumph to be sharer, In the faith He planted me; So His bride I’d be forever, Gave His life in Pledge to me.
6. Even now by just believing, Blessedness I here may own; Which I ever shall be seeing, When at last I am at home.
7. O, how great the love of Jesus, I would tell it all around; And in song I would repeat it, If my tongue were not so bound.
8. But I know for sure that yonder, Better sung my song will be; When within my eyes no longer, Not one tear is ever seen.
9. When my ship comes into harbor, And my home appears in sight; I’ll forget all care and sorrow, As in glory I delight.
10. Then I’ll look on Heaven’s beauty, Which I for my own may have; And the new song keep repeating, Giving praises to the Lamb.
11. There is joy unmixed with sorrow, There I’ll have a tongue that’s new; Without hindrance on my lover, I shall look, O beauty true.

12. Holy, holy, God the Father, Here I sing upon this shore, To the Lamb continue yonder, Hallelujah evermore.
188 Ring Praises Eternal For Nighttime Is O’er
(trans: 233 UL, Soi Iainen Kiitos; E.K. Anderson)
1. Ring praises eternal for nighttime is o’er, The slave is now resting and toiling no more; When Golgotha’s miracle I saw on the tree, My burden was lifted and I was set free.
2. Exhausted and worn then I rested refreshed, I ceased from my labors and now I just rest; And still I keep resting and marveling too, Why never before this salvation I knew.
3. What can the accuser upon me now urge, That could the repose of my Sabbath disturb? The work all completed I saw on the tree, So there I abided contented and free.
4. In vain it would be now to carry my sins, When Jesus has taken them all upon Him; And how by his toil could a worm of the earth, E’er seek to improve upon Jesus’ own work.
5. So who would now needlessly worry and fret, And sins he has done keep remembering yet. When once God Himself has forgotten them all, A sin it would be them again to recall.
6. And why should I try now to earn by my toil, When grace as a gift I can freely enjoy? Since even the Lord is contented with me, Then why should yet more I require than He?
7. So rest now, my soul, lie completely at rest, On work that was finished by Jesus Himself, And let the success of my pilgrimage home, be left in the care of dear Jesus alone.
189 When War Is Raging O’er The Land
(trans: 85 UL, Kun Sota Soipi Maallinen, E.K. Anderson)
1. When war is raging o’er the land, ‘Tis comforting indeed; To sing of Salem’s glories grand, And of the race redeemed; For never on the shores of earth, Do rest and peace abide; So for a better land I yearn, To be at Jesus’ side.
2. And oftentimes remembering, The ones already gone, I wish that I were home with Him, Among that blessed throng; I sigh, oh, help me, Father dear, And keep me in Thy care; So at Thy side I’ll once appear, Among My brothers there.
3. Here darkness often hides from sight, The path on which I roam; And heavy vapors of the night Do even dim my home; But once the sun will never set, From skies forever clear; When to my home at last I get To thank my Jesus dear.
4. Here Jesus’ bride at eventide, Is often sad of heart; For if we travel side by side, We soon must drift apart. But once the day will dawn and then With songs of joy and mirth; On shores of peace we’ll meet again, And leave this changing earth.
5. And there before the judgement seat, We’ll see the blessed Lamb, Upon our heads receive a wreath, And palm leaves in our hands; In honor of the Lord fore’er, We’ll sing a newer song, Away from there is earthly care, Away is want and wrong.

190 When Jesus Belongs To Me Only
(trans: 84 UL, Kun Jeesus On Ommana Mulla; E.K. Anderson)
1. When Jesus belongs to me only, Then brightens the dreariest day; Rejoicing I sing to His glory, As swallows that warble so gay; For death He has conquered and life He has brought, My sins washed away with the blood of His heart, He, Jesus O Jesus, He Jesus, O Jesus, Still walks in the midst of His flock.
2. When waves of temptation come on me, Then Jesus will hasten to help; When my cross gets so heavy I falter, He shoulders it all on Himself; At night in a pillar of fire ahead, By day shoes the way in a cloud bleeding red, He Jesus, O Jesus, He Jesus, O Jesus, Gives bread in the wilderness yet.
3. I’m watching the eastern horizon, To see if the dawn yet appears, And listening carefully skyward, If ringing of harps I should hear; To carol my hymn so I too might begin, The song that is new then be able to sing; When Jesus O Jesus, When Jesus O Jesus, Arrives here to take me with Him.
191 A Furious Throng Is Proceeding
(trans: 194 UL, Niin Raivoisa Joukkue Rientaa; E.K. Anderson)
1. A furious throng is proceeding, In haste to the Golgotha cross; In midst of them walking so meekly, Is Jesus, Derided and mocked; The blood sprinkled pathway He paces, Serenely, devoid of all guilt, And gives up His life as He hastens, The debt of my sin to remit.
Chorus: Thus in my behalf suffers He, Thus in my behalf suffers He; His heart is with tenderness breaking, As in my behalf suffers He.
2. “I thirst” in His anguish He shouted, When going to death for my sake, Believing that God had renounced Him, His bosom with sorrow did ache; He does not remember death’s anguish, Nor heed the sharp thorns in His crown; But gazing on me with compassion, His life He prepares to lay down. Chorus:
3. And when the ninth hour approaches, His head on His shoulder He lays, His lips then, however, He opens, “Forgive them, Dear Father!” He prays; Oh, love, how immense and unfathomed, That’s able His slayers to bless, ‘Tis good to abide in its shadow, That Love even I can possess. Chorus:
4. When triumph at last is accomplished, The cry, “It is finished!” rings out; The daylight does then begin dawning, Which brings a new era about; This is the great day of redemption, Before us the sacrifice lies, It scatters the mist of depression, “Now all is completed!” He cries.
Chorus: Of victory rings my refrain, Of victory rings my refrain; In blood from the cross that descended, Salvation I too did attain.
5. The death of my Master beholding, My heart does with happiness beat, It needed one sacrifice only, To make my redemption complete; Forgiveness indeed is now ample, For all of my sin and my wrong; My soul begins praises to carol, His blood is the theme of my song. Chorus:

192 Not Peace To Build, Did Jesus Come (trans: 249 UL, Ei Jeesus Tullut Mailmaan)
1. Not peace to build, did Jesus come, To live upon the earth; But came to kindle the fire of love, In children’s hearts to burn.
2. And on the road, did our hearts not flame, At every word he said? When children weary on the way, He still with them breaks bread.
3. When Jesus came in my house to live, To dwell within my heart, The fire of love began to burn, And fear did then depart.
4. And now, although the world, it roars, I listen without fear; It only makes the children sure, The wedding day is near.
5. Now all the world is beating time, A tune it seems to make; And playing children’s wedding march, That soon the day will break.
6. On trees the leaves begin to sprout, For springtime soon is here; And little birds keep twittering, “Home-coming time is near.”
7. Though Jesus comes not even yet, To make anyone complete; But a ready bride He comes to take, Up to the wedding seat.
8. That children have no debt to pay, He told us to proclaim; That in the sight of God they are, His children without blame.
9. Though badness right at birth we get, Inherit death do all; On sinner still, as gift of God, Salvation free does fall.
10. Although beneath the weight of sin, The soul must often sight; The spirit still, through faith, can sing, On mercy wings can fly.
11. And this is what amuses me, When in my heart I see; Everlasting life because of faith, Is promised one like me.
12. And even I, who am so weak, Can yet be sure of this; When on my head my crown I get, I then can thank with bliss.
193 Bless The Lord, O My Soul
(trans: 67 UL, Kiita Herraa; E.K. Anderson)
1. Bless the Lord, O my soul, also all that I am, Bless His holy and glorious name; Bless the Lord, O my soul, let thee never forget, All the good He has done for thy sake.
2. All thy sins He has fully forgiven to thee, And thy debts He has wiped them away; From destruction thy life He forever redeems, Crowns thee also with mercy and grace.
3. And thy mouth He abundantly fills with good things, Like an eagle’s thy youth He renews; In behalf of those children He judgement will bring, Who down here do injustice endure.

4. He let Moses of old all His ways comprehend, And His acts He let Israel see, For the Lord, He is good, full of mercifulness, Always gentle and patient is He.
5. Does not chide, nor forever in anger remain, In accord with our deeds does not do, Even though for our sins we deserve to be paid, Yet He does not reward what is due.
6. From the earth up to heaven His mercy extends, Unto those in His fear who abide; And as far as the east is away from the west, Our transgressions from us He divides.
7. As a father shows mercy to children of his, So the Lord to the fearful of heart; For our frame He has builded and knows what it is, Only dust He remembers we are.
8. As for man in his lifetime, his days are as grass, Like a flower that flourishes forth; He can bear that the wind but once over him pass, And the place thereof knows him no more.
9. Everlastingly time unto time without end, They who fear Him shall mercy receive, And the children of children on Him who depend, Shall His righteousness ever achieve.
10. In the Heaven’s above He a throne has prepared, And His Kingdom, it rules over all; Bless the Lord, All ye Angels in strength who excel, O ye heroes, so might and strong.
11. All ye armies of His, give thou praises to Him, Ye who do His commandments now, Bless the Lord all ye creatures created by Him, Bless the Lord, and my soul, also thou.
194 Because I’ve Won Thru Jesus’ Worth
(trans: 68 UL, Kuin Oikeuden Taivaassa; E.K. Anderson)
1. Because I’ve won thru Jesus’ worth, The right above to dwell, Farewell I say to all the earth, And to my griefs as well.
Chorus: Oh canaan land, oh lovely land, The land where our Jesus is, Where all God’s children are allowed to go evermore to live. Praise ye the Lord, Praise ye the Lord, Praise ye, Praise ye the Lord, Where all God’s children are allowed To go evermore to live.
2. When by the world and Satan here, And my own flesh oppressed, I shall prevail through Jesus dear, And shall abide at rest.
Chorus: Oh canaan land, oh lovely land, The land where our Jesus is, Where all God’s children are allowed, To go evermore to live. Hallelujah, hallelujah, halle hallelujah; Where all God’s children are allowed, To go evermore to live.
3. Though often here distressed by care, No danger do I fear; Since I am bound for Heaven where, All perils disappear. Chorus:
4. The Angels there sing carols gay, In tune the choirs beat; The righteous dance for joy all day, While drinking honey sweet. Chorus:
5. There evermore we can behold, The gracious face of God; And mingle with delight untold, Among the Angel throng. Chorus:

6. So come and hear how voices chime, As children sing with glee; When from a taste of wedding wine, They’re filled with ecstasy. Chorus:
7. Oh, Jesus, let me understand, So I can rightly praise; My tongue unloosen so I can, Express more perfect ways. Chorus:
195 Blessed Is The Day Upon Which I Discovered Jesus (trans: 34 UL, Autuas Se Paiva Lienee; E.K. Anderson)
1. Blessed is the day upon which, I discovered Jesus dear; My delightful friend sincere: On this earth I know of nothing, That does greater bliss afford; Than enjoyment in the Lord.
2. Of this blessedness the children, Of the world are not aware; And about it do not care: So in wonderment they listen, When we boast thereof with glee; Talk about it constantly.
3. I myself have comprehended, How completely sweet and kind; Is this blessed friend of mine: For through mercy He has ended, My distressing slavery; Given me salvation free.
4. May all things that are unlasting, Be forever left behind; Just so Jesus still is mine: Other things all change in passing, To the soul no joy afford; And no true repose accord.
5. Keep O world what you hold dearest, Keep your silver and your gold; Your pursuits and pleasures bold: For in Jesus’ care my spirit, Full contentment does possess; Is enriched with blessedness.
6. Peace in Jesus I am granted, Happiness that is complete; For my soul refreshment sweet: He does fully understand me, On the level path He guides; For the best all things decides.
7. If I weary He’ll assist me, And if tempted I should be; He will ever strengthen me: If through weakness of the spirit, I should stumble He will then; Help me to arise again.
8. He is comfort in my sorrow, Virtue for my sinfulness; Wisdom for my foolishness: From Him holiness I borrow, Merit for iniquity; Riches for my poverty.
9. He is truly my good shepherd, I am His beloved Lamb; In whose bleeding wounds I can: Find repose of heart forever, Sweetest pastures that provide; Food on which my soul can thrive.
10. Dearest Jesus I implore Thee, Help me till the day I die; On Thee firmly to rely: So at last I can adore Thee, When I join the ransomed band; In that bright celestial land.
196 There’s Joy Immense In Heaven
(trans: 309 UL, Taivaasa On Ila Suuri; E.K. Anderson)
1. There’s joy immense in heaven, And precious rapture ever; To carol praises sweet: To God the one and only, And to our King most holy; Eternal praise repeat.
2. There Angels keep a-singing, There trumpets keep a-ringing; There’s endless ecstasy; There Saints with joy forever, Keep caroling together; The hymn of victory.

3. There sisters then and brothers, Do all adore each other; There’s quiet rapture too; The precious Holy Supper, Is served on Heaven’s Altar; There is my homeland true.
4. The Lord there beautifies us, And graciously provides us; With precious golden robes: We’re carried in by Jesus, His bride He fondly kisses; And to His breast enfolds.
5. Oh goodness great let’s us, Adore our Bridegroom precious; In holy company: From all emancipated, From corruption separated; And from the world set free.
6. Oh love forever-lasting, Oh blessedness enchanting; Oh mercy rivers wide: Oh wedding hall celestial, Oh golden garments festal; Oh shining crown of mine.
7. Though sins are here depressing, And other griefs distressing; Though world oppresses me: But when I once remember, The blissfulness of heaven; I’ll bear them willingly.
8. Though here the cross I carry, It keeps me from despairing; Since Jesus bore it too: if here my cross is bitter, My crown will brightly glitter; In heaven’s rapture soon.
9. In faith if I keep striving, In sacred wounds abiding; In spirit aim to live; I’ll surely get to Heaven, To sing with Saints forever; The Hallelujah hymn.
197 As On The Grace Of God I Trust
(trans: 39 UL, Jumalan Armoon Turvaten; E.K. Anderson)
1. As on the grace of God I trust, Each moment of the day I must; Believe my sins are all atoned, In blood from Jesus’ wounds that flowed.
2. The blood He shed on Calvary, Has from my sins delivered me; So at the wedding of the Lamb, I might be fit with Him to stand.
3. This life of mine is sinful, Each step I take while here below; And oftentimes I’m filled with grief, When something good in me I seek.
4. But in myself the slightest sign, Of goodness I can never find; Redemption is complete howe’er, And so to trust on that I dare.
5. My sorrows soon will all depart, And everlasting joy will start; When once I reach that brighter sphere, To gaze upon my Saviour dear.
6. And there to Him I’ll carol praise, For mercy great of which a taste; Already here I can enjoy, While yet I dwell on foreign soil.
7. However ‘tis a precious thing, I’m now allowed to worship Him; And gather drops of blood divine, To nourish this poor soul of mine.
8. So Heavenly Father thanks to Thee, Dear Bridegroom for Thy toil for me; It is Thy merit which alone, Will take me to my glory home.

198 In Faith When Jesus I Behold
(trans: 9 UL, Kun Uskossa Naan Jeesuksen; E.K. Anderson)
1. In faith when Jesus I behold, Then I do love Him well; My heart it has no other hope, But just with Him to dwell; His wounded side, His hands and feet, And heart are open wide; In them myself I now secrete, And there I best abide.
2. O dearest Lord Emanuel, Protect me constantly; ‘Till soul and body go to dwell, At home eternally; No care or sorrow shall above, Disturb my blessedness; As there I thank Thee for Thy blood, Thy agony and death.
199 It Gives Me Pleasure To Sing Of Jesus
(trans: 52 UL, On Hauska Veisata Jeesksesta; E.K. Anderson)
1. It gives me pleasure to sing of Jesus, His mercy mighty and full of sweetness; And as I carol to utter that, God is my Father compassionate.
2. Contented thus and rejoiced I wander, For kind and gracious is God my Father; Salvation yonder I shall attain, Not all are able such bliss to gain.
3. What do I lack since I am already, A bride acceptable for the wedding; When blood descended on Calvary, From all my sins I was rendered free.
4. As truth the gospel now testifies it, The power of blood fully verifies it; That by His blood I’m redeemed fore’er, Oh love eternal beyond compare.
5. No wonder then that to Him I carol, And warble praises while yet I travel; In weakness here till I can begin, In Angel choirs above to sing.
6. Upon this earth I am poor and wretched, No fame or fortune in me is vested; But there my Father is rich indeed, He is my treasure, all that I need.
7. My earthly needs He does fully ration, However greater is my salvation; For over perils He lets me pass, Eternal bliss to enjoy at last.
200 Now Of That Blessed Blood I Sing
(trans: 28 UL, Mina Laulelen Nyt Veresta, E.K. Anderson)
1. Now of that blessed blood I sing, That fountain which reviveth; And grace to everyone doth bring, Its worth fore’er abideth.
2. Who thirsteth after blessedness, May from this Fount’ obtain it; And drink indeed to drunkenness, The Lord Himself so sayeth.
3. The withered tree beside this spring, Soon bursteth into blossom; The burden is removed from him, Who fainteth with exhaustion.
4. When souls come here, The Lord Himself, Doth joyfully receive them; He guideth them with tenderness, Their troubles He relieveth.

5. So come, ye precious souls, in haste, To drink this living water; The Lord is ready here His grace, And righteousness to offer.
6. Ye publicans and sinners all, Of every sort, oh hurry; For thee it ahs been waiting long, The bridal feast of mercy.
7. Self-righteous ones they dare not stop, Performing useless labor; But with abhorrence look upon, The child in Father’s favor.
8. But yet for them and others too, Who grieve the call is sounded; Oh, leave thy work of servitude, And hasten to the fountain.
9. For water here to wash thee clean, Is constantly provided; And who doth not enough receive, Just call for aid to find it.
10. The greatest sinners here, in fact, Receive a double portion; And here the first become the last, To share in this good fortune.
11. In two-fold measure we received, New life as well as Heaven; His share who taketh is indeed, Made blessed here forever.
12. So thus God’s children we become, Magnificent and noble; The heirs of Heaven everyone, All rich and clean and wholesome.
13. Our purity it doth not shine, While yet on earth we wander; As we endeavor with the mind, To see our life up yonder.
14. But let it look and let it feel, This life however wretched; Our treasure from the world concealed, Is kept above protected.
15. So let our hymn of praises here, Ring out with exultation; Lord Jesus is our Saviour dear, To Him be adoration.
201 We Drink By Living Waters, The Wedding Of The Lamb (trans: 212 UL, Karitsan Haita Juodaan; E.K. Anderson)
1. We drink by living waters, The wedding of the Lamb; The Bride is there brought forward, In silken garments clad; In Bridegroom’s blood so precious, She has been purified; Which from His wounds descended, As on the cross He died.
2. Already on Mount Zion, Our wedding doth commence; Our Bridegroom soon arriveth, To bring our recompense; He hath most costly clothing, In which we are arrayed; A shining Crown of Glory, Which on our heads is laid.
3. On earth a little longer, We joy from Him derive, While bridal maidens yonder, Our garments glorify. We here attest already, Of blood that made us free, And from it at His wedding, Are drunk eternally.

4. How dear a flock existeth, Already here below; So now, dear brothers, sisters, What happiness we know, When Jesus is among us, In royal robes arrayed; Which are with blood all clotted; Of thorns His crown is made.
5. Indeed for all God’s children, This is a scene most dear; To look upon the Elder, With wounds on Him severe; From those deep wounds came flowing, New life in us, the dead; And from them all our clothing, With blood was sprinkled red.
6. Dear sister, would it please thee, To see a stranger sight? Then hasten to the meeting, To see the Lord alive. “Oh, Thomas, put thy fingers, In holes the nails have marked, And through my side thrust hither, Thy hand up to my heart.”
7. Now Jesus’ side is open, For those who are in doubt; Ere Thomas dared approach Him, In faith he shouted out. All who believe are blessed, Though they may not behold, From hearing faith descendeth, Thy sins are all atoned.
202 Pure Clean Is Our Apparel
(trans: UL 144, Pukumme on Aivan Puhdas; E.K. Anderson)
1. Pure clean is our apparel, And white as driven snow; In which to Heaven’s Wedding, We are prepared to go; There in our midst is seated, Himself the blessed Lord; His wedding day He keepeth, With us forevermore.
2. Our wedding robes the Bridegroom, On Golgotha prepared, And then the cry of triumph, For us He shouted there, Upon this earth the children, Already free become, When Father seeth in them, The image of His son.
3. A refuge He erected, Within His wounded side, Where from the raging tempests, In shelter we can hide; We there for warmth can hasten, When by the cold oppressed, And when by tribulations, So often here distressed.
4. But soon our earthly sorrows, Will end forevermore, When Bridegroom’s call is sounded: “Come to my wedding hall, To sing with me in concert, The hymn of victory, And share the wedding supper, With me eternally.”
5. No longer will the teardrops, Come streaming from our eyes; When on a cloud appeareth, Our Bridegroom in the skies; And we at once are gathered, All in the flock immense, Like little birds who carol, As homeward they ascend.
6. Then all the Holy Angels, In our delight will share; As they attend elated, On Jesus Bride fore’er; Adoringly the Father, Upon His flock doth beam, Who by His Son beloved, Were from the earth redeemed.
203 There Is A Place Of Sweet Repose
(trans: 17 UL, On Lepopaikka Suloinen; E.K. Anderson)
1. There is a place of sweet repose, On Mount of Golgotha; In Jesus’ bleeding wounds disclosed, Now let us gaze thereon.

2. For in those wounds a little while, The wanderer can rest; And with the blessed bread of life, He there can be refreshed.
3. By thirst and hunger we are here, So often overcome; That on our way through desert drear, Exhausted we become.
4. Then to the spring of life in haste, Together let us go; Which started even for our sake, On Golgotha to flow.
5. Lord Jesus there now crucified, Bedrenched with blood we see; Deep wounds are in His head and side, And in His hands and feet.
6. And as His blood so innocent, Descended from those wounds; It carried life anew to them, Whom serpent’s tooth had bruised.
7. So listen, now ye who are tried, Who bear a burden still; Upon the cross Lord Jesus cried, That it is all fulfilled.
8. All who are now oppressed by sin, And by temptations bound, Lift up thy heads and look on Him, Here liberty is found.
9. And as they fall upon our hearts, Those bleeding drops of red; They make our troubles all depart, Bring rapture in their stead.
10. So that our hearts commence once more, To carol joyfully; In praises to our Bridegroom for, The everlasting league.
11. So praise to Thee we now convey, Our bleeding Bridegroom dear; Oh pray descend without delay, To take us home from here.
204 When Here My Way Is Hard To Bear
(trans: 41 UL, Kun Tieni Aivan Ahdas; E.K. Anderson)
1. When here my way is hard to bear, Then to my fort I run; I sing about my Jesus there, And happy I become.
2. And there within His wounds I find, A city free and strong; ‘Tis Christmas there at fasting time, And spring all winter long.
3. My pilgrimage and life down here, In Heaven now exists; On earthly seas, no need to fear, With Jesus in the ship.
4. The load and burden off our backs, The Sabbath has commenced; Through open portals we may pass, Up to Jerusalem.
5. Now broken is the shoulder yoke, our hands they are untied; The reckoning is left to those, In bondage who abide.
6. Let them their slavery defend, Remaining still in sin; A better fortune did descend, On us – to follow Him.

7. Since Jesus died upon the tree, And did again arise; Salvation is assured to me, On that I can rely.
8. I thank the blessed Lord for this: That as His child I may; Through mercy free enjoy the bliss, of blessedness for aye.
9. And when the blood came flowing down, From Him upon the tree; The captives from the prison house, Were set at liberty.
10. She is our mother whom we love, Jerusalem on high; In Father’s dwelling place above, At rest we can abide.
205 O Bride Of Jesus Be Thou Bold
(trans: 77 UL, Jeesuksen Morsian Ole Sinä Rohkea, E.K. Anderson)
1. O Bride of Jesus be thou bold, In faith to travel onward; Before thy eyes will soon enfold, That shining radiance yonder.
2. Oh, know thy value, for the Lord, Did as His Bride select thee; And thou wilt from this foreign shore, Be taken home directly.
3. To celebrate thy wedding in, The City of New Salem; Thou art attired there by Him, In lovely wedding raiment.
4. He pledged His life in troth to thee, Be crowned thee with His mercy; And with His blood He paid the fee, Which did from death preserve thee.
5. No longer into doubt descend, Or at thyself keep railing; If on the way yet more thou spend, The Lord Himself will pay it.
6. So wait awhile beloved one, In faith thou weighed by sorrow; Thou dost not know, thy turn may come, Already by tomorrow.
7. To leave fore’er this stormy air, And Heaven-ward go soaring; To join that mighty meeting there, In bright Celestial Glory.
8. ‘Tis only when we there arrive, That we can sing together; True praises to our Groom Divine, Forever and forever.
9. There all our tears are wiped away, In sorrow no one sigheth; There not a single soul can stay, Who song of praise denyeth.
206 Down Here I Now Am Yearning
(trans: 110 UL, Mina Ikavoitsen Taalta, E.K. Anderson)
1. Down here I now am yearning, To reach that peaceful shore; O would that I already, Could leave the tempests’ roar.

2. Down here I now am yearning, For Thee, my Bridegroom dear; O when may I start seeing, Thy face so bright and clear?
3. Down here I now am yearning, This vale of tears to leave; My home is not here under, I long to be with Thee.
4. To leave here I am yearning, This earth is dark and grim; All full of base defilement, And Satan’s raging vim.
5. To leave here I am yearning, Come soon to carry; Dear Father, into Heaven, To be at Home with Thee.
6. To leave here I am yearning, While keeping watch in faith; May e’er thy arms of mercy, Sustain each step I take.
7. To leave here I am yearning, Come wipe away the tears; Which from my eyes are streaming, O blessed Bridegroom dear.
207 I Recall To Mind My Home So Bright And Fair
(trans: No. 88 Mieleheni Muistuu Koto Ihana, E.K. Anderson)
1. I recall to mind my home so bright and fair, And from here am longing to arrive up there; And from here am longing to arrive up there.
2. On the way the wind and tempest loudly roar, peace we cannot find until we enter shore; Peace we cannot find until we enter shore.
3. Here the land of sin is weighing down on me, But at Father’s side I shall indeed be free; But at Father’s side I shall indeed be free.
4. All the world is seeking now to lure me back, Hosts of darkness spread their nets across my path; Hosts of darkness spread their nets across my path.
5. But against them all we shall prevail because, Warfare weapons Jesus hath prepared for us; Warfare weapons Jesus hath prepared for us.
6. Let us go to gaze upon Gethsemane, Where the Lord of Glory suffered agony; Where the Lord of Glory suffered agony.
7. There the blood is flowing down from every pore, As the sins of all upon Himself He bore; As the sins of all upon Himself He bore.
8. Bitter was the wine distilled from curse of sin, As He tasted it, it burned the heart of Him; As he tasted it, it burned the heart of Him.
9. Added pain He had to bear on Calvary, Lifted from the ground and hung upon the tree; Lifted from the ground and hung upon the tree.
10. There His hands and feet by nails were driven through, On His head the thorns made deep and bleeding wounds, On His head the thorns made deep and bleeding wounds.

11. Look on Lord of Glory how He suffered there, None was ever found who did with Him compare; None was ever found who did with Him compare.
12. Finally His life dear Jesus offered up, Thus indeed He opened Paradise for us; thus indeed He opened Paradise for us.
13. Now we are delivered from the load of sin, For Thy mercy, Bridegroom thanks to Thee we bring; For Thy mercy, Bridegroom, thanks to Thee we bring.
14. From the land of Goshen, shores of Home we see, And desire there eternally to be; And desire there eternally to be.
15. Welcome into Glory, Bride beloved where, Wedding of the Bridegroom thou canst hold fore’er; Wedding of the Bridegroom thou canst hold fore’er.
16. Now from Sion soundeth Heaven’s sweetest song, Grief is changed to gladness ‘mid the Angel throng; Grief is changed to gladness ‘mid the Angel throng.
17. There the feast of triumph I begin to keep, And with rapture give Thee praises more complete; And with rapture give Thee praises more complete.
18. So to Thee be praises, blessed Bridegroom dear, May in Heaven ring my song more sweet and clear, May in Heaven ring my song more sweet and clear.
208 Gave Up His Life His Created To Save
(trans: No.115 UL Henkensä Antoi Kaikki Kun Loi, E.K. Anderson)
1. Gave up His life His created to save, Vict’ry to us on the cross He conveyed; On Mountain of Sion the trumpets all blow, Jerusalem’s dawn is now brightly aglow.
2. Voice of the watchman is crying aloud, That to depart we shall soon be allowed; Doves are now flying across this dark land, There we shall gather again in a band.
3. So little flock I now bid thee farewell, Hoping the rage of the tempest will quell; Quickly is finished our pilgrimage here, Thanks that the end of our journey in near.
4. We shall all once on Jerusalem’s shore, Joyfully greet one another once more; Carol of victory there at His side, Jesus will never abandon His Bride.
5. Removed from this valley of sorrow and gloom, Carried above to abide with our Groom; Spirits will wholly dissolve with delight, There with dear Jesus forever unite.
209 With Joy Now Carol
(trans: 63 UL, Ilolla Nyt Laulakaa; E.K. Anderson)
1. With joy now carol everyone, Till far the echoes carry; Because the Lord Himself has come, Within our hearts to tarry.

2. The bride will be all ready when, The Bridegroom comes to take her; She knows in New Jerusalem, A lovely home awaits her.
3. We roam as pilgrims here below, No land of peace possessing; The Master does assure us though, We’ll soon attain that blessing.
4. That land we shall because of faith, Inherit absolutely; Though flesh and blood upon the way, Do still behave unruly.
5. But once the soul will find release, From bonds of flesh that shackle; And entering the port of peace, No longer need to battle.
6. Of seven golden candlesticks, Is made the floor of Heaven; When there begins the wedding which, We shall enjoy forever.
7. Now all prepared the Bride awaits, Her golden crown aglimmer, When in the house of grace she tastes, The wedding wine they give her.
8. Already here the Bride is by, Here Bridegroom captivated; Because here heart from wedding wine, Is oft’ intoxicated.
9. A Crown does on each head appear, With twelve bright stars upon it; As from the mercy fountain clear, We ladle living waters.
10. On Golgatha the law’s demands, Forever found fulfillments; On Tabor’s Mount the Son of Man, Revealed Himself transfigured.
11. Our sins are sunk beneath the tide, Of mercy’s mighty ocean; In Saviour’s blood are purified, The garments of the chosen.
12. So long the devil pointed at, Our book of debt enormous; Until we comprehended that, The Lord had paid it for us.
13. So what can fill us with dismay, For what should we keep striving; When on that debit book today, The bleeding cross is shining?
14. What reason have we for distress, When gazing on our Glory; When greater Glory we possess, Than Heaven’s Angels Holy.
15. The faithless here to howl like wolves, Are left behind rejected; When from this earth the Lord removes, The flowers He selected.
16. So thanks to Jesus let us give, To Him be praise and glory; Since with the Bridegroom we can live, In Holy Matrimony.
210 The Master’s Little Flock Of Children
(trans: 60 UL Herran Lasten Piiskuinen Lauma, E.K. Anderson)
1. The Master’s little flock of children, Are widely here dispersed; And scornful glances they are given, As strangers on this earth.

2. They are however, filled with gladness, And joyful they appear; And dearest Jesus’ new commandment, They all fulfill down here.
3. The Holy Spirit’s pledge hath made them, Already here assured; Of boundless mercy, peace, salvation, And bliss that doth endure.
4. By bonds of peace to one another, Already they are tied; They, therefore long to be together, And do in Love abide.
5. That Love from God hath its beginning, And from the Holy Ghost; So Bridegroom’s praises they keep singing, And of His Love they boast.
6. Their griefs and sorrows are forgotten, With rapture they are filled; To visit Jesus they are often, Conveyed to Tabor Hill.
7. With crown of gold and robes of linen, The Bride is there adorned; While for the wedding guests of Heaven, The sweetest wine is poured.
8. Rejoicing in a group they gather, Around the living spring; And then indeed Celestial rapture, Those moments seem to bring.
9. Now Canaan’s promised land before them, With eyes of hope they see, Where once they shall, with joy transported; Be drunk eternally.
10. And there a crystal stream is flowing, Which bringeth them delight, But still the sweetest thing is knowing, That Jesus is in sight.
211 Christian Dear Abide On Watch
(trans: No. 89 UL Valvo Vielä Kristitty E.K. Anderson)
1. Christian dear abide on watch, For moment longer; Soon your journey with the cross, May perhaps be over; Why should we now fall asleep? Jesus wants to take us; Into blessedness complete, He will not forsake us.
2. Mighty Watchman of the night, Gethsemane’s Great Master; Bid Thy children yet tonight, At Thy side to gather; And remain awake so long, As in supplication, Down upon Thy face Thy fall, Earning our salvation.
3. Jesus in Gethsemane, Sweated blood so precious; Praying for us earnestly, As from sin He cleansed us; Still reveal Thyself to those, Who now sink despondent; Show Thy face to sinful souls, Shed Thy grace upon them.
4. As great bleeding drops of sweat, Poured from Thee in anguish; ‘Till the ground beneath was wet, To our hearts they carried; Nourishment and strength and life, And eternal freedom; Showing thus the boundless might, Of Thy arms, dear Jesus.
5. Waken those who slumber yet, Lift up those exhausted; Banish disagreements that, Tend to keep us parted; Show us still Thy face divine, Crowned with blood, Oh, Jesus; Show those vict’ry wound of Thine, Into them conceal us.

212 May The Dawn Of Day Grow Brighter
(trans: 8 UL, Kirkastukoon Aamun-Koitto; E.K. Anderson)
1. May the dawn of day grow brighter, In the eastern sky ablaze; For on Golgotha is triumph, Where awake in faith we gaze, On Lord Jesus dying there, With His open wounds laid bare.
2. Darkness is above receding, And the light begins to glow; Jesus victory achieving, Into peace now lets us go; Bleeding on the cross He hung, As for us the peace He won.
3. Jesus wept in tribulation, Tears of blood from every pore, As the cost of our salvation, Out of love for us He bore; Thus repose and peace of mind, At His bleeding breast I find.
4. With our many vile transgressions, Into wounds the Lord we thrust, And we therefore make confession, That those wounds were caused by us, So allow my heart to know, That those wounds with mercy flow.
5. Our Lord Jesus, He will surely, As His child still carry me; To the path of peace He drew me, And will give me victory, So I may at last through grace, See unveiled His smiling face.
6. Oh, my lowly soul, remember, Nevermore to feel distrust; That our blessed Saviour ever, Could deny Himself to us; As salvation’s purchase price, His heart’s blood He sacrificed.
7. Precious He must deem us truly, Since the bitterness of death; Was not strong enough to rule Him, For His love was stronger yet, As love’s banner in the war, Bleeding wounds our Victor bore.
8. As our sun the bleeding Elder, Shines upon the cross on high; Clouds of grief in sorrow’s weather, Are all banished from the sky, So now eyes of faith I raise, On the shores of home to gaze.
9. Looking up I see before me, Far beyond this land of woe; Shining shores of peace and glory, Where my spirit longs to go. Soon my goal I shall attain, Then I’ll leave this dark domain.
10. Jesus, in Thy care so tender, My whole pilgrimage I leave; Joy Thy life to me did render, And Thy death brought victory, Soon away from here I’ll soar, To sing about it evermore.
213 The Earth In Storm Is Seething
(trans: 86 UL, Maailman Myrsky Pauhaa; E.K. Anderson)
1. The earth in storm is seething, Like angry ocean waves; But ever peace increasing, Christ to His own conveys.
2. One day as Jesus entered, A ship upon the sea; While children sailed the vessel, He seemed to fall asleep.
3. The devil to confound them, Then raised a might storm; Intending thus to drown them, The children and their Lord.
4. At this in consternation, The children cried aloud; “Awaken, Master, save us, We perish even now!”

5. He spoke, the storm subsided, And calm became the lake; His children then he chided, For having little faith.
6. “What’s this,” they cried in wonder, “This man whose voice we heard; Command the wind and water, And they obey His word?”
7. The devil with his scheming, Thus into shame is brought; And victory completely, O’er him at last is wrought.
8. The world, it too endeavors, By wind and flame severe; To bring disaster ever, Upon believers here.
9. But in the midst of danger, We have a helmsman strong; Who while the tempest rages Will pilot us along.
10. Amid the roaring tempest, Stay near us constantly; So on the way we never, Will go astray from Thee.
11. That man is blest who dauntless, Upon the Lord relies; The world itself he conquers, And thus at rest abides.
214 My Wish Would Be To Carol
(trans: 243 UL, Mun Haluni Ois Laulaa; E.K. Anderson)
1. My wish would be to carol, And praise to God convey; If power I were granted, upon my harp to play.
2. How mighty is the mercy, From Father’s heart that flows; It shatters down completely, The ramparts of our foes.
3. Although I was a sinner, Pursuing what was wrong; God’s mercy led me hither, Among His blessed throng.
4. Then in my darkened conscience, Celestial daylight beamed; A voice from Heaven shouted, From sin you are redeemed.
5. And with that light to guide us, We cannot go astray; Though frequently inside us, Rise feeling of dismay.
6. For when the hosts of Pharaoh, In all their strength draw near; It seems we are abandoned, By God, our Father dear.
7. Be not alarmed, however, Just in repose abide; For God, we must remember, Is on the children’s side.
8. So let us keep our places, And wait a moment here; ‘Till greetings from the Angels, Start ringing in our ears.

9. And soon we’ll see before us, What God will bring to pass; A miracle enormous, That we are home at last.
10. So oftentimes I marvel, About this mystery; That even I so humble, Lord Jesus Bride can be.
11. To look for other pathways, No one I would advise, Well knowing that His mandates, The Lord will not revise.
12. It is the law of Heaven, That prisoners be freed; That sins shall be forgiven, His statutes have decreed.
13. So trumpets blow on Zion, And harps resound all day; When one begins to tire, Another starts to play.
14. For nothing else is needed, To give us righteousness; But only faith in Jesus, There leis our blessedness.
15. Though often Satan’s forces, Cause rumors to be raised; That unto children also, The law should be proclaimed.
16. But in the ears of Hagar, Mount Sinai’s thunders ring; While mercy children gather, On Zion Mount to sing.
17. May e’er the voice of freedom, Ring out to every child; That in the blood of Jesus, Our sins are reconciled.
215 Thee Heavenly Father We Beseech
(trans: 310 UL, O Isa Raka Taivahan; E.K. Anderson)
1. Thee Heavenly Father, we beseech, Oh, listen to our prayer; And do not let us sink beneath, The trials we have to bear.
2. These times indeed are sad and grim, With tempest raging wild; And tiny is the craft wherein, The children homeward ride.
3. But Jesus, bleeding Bridegroom dear, Protects us all the way; So wolves cannot destroy us here, Nor beasts upon us prey.
4. Look on us kindly for we must, For help on Thee depend; Thou graciously shed blood for us, Thy grace to us now lend.
5. Teach us to tarry constantly, With Thee in bleeding spots; Convey us to Gethsemane, On Golgotha to watch.
6. When feeble in our faith we get, Then strength in us renew; If love we lack, then in us let, Thy Spirit burn anew.
7. Help us to follow Thee and take, Away all sinful lust, Let not the fire of faith abate, Until Thou come for us.

8. Awaken those who are asleep, By power of Thy word; And from the pathways of deceit, Make wanderers return.
9. Instruct all those who are untaught, To put their faith in Thee; Let those who sink in grief be brought, Thy bleeding wounds to see.
10. Which open wide do evermore, With mercy overflows; And on the wounds received in war, Do healthfulness bestow.
216 A Beautiful Abode I Know
(trans: 111 UL, Mina Tiedan Kodin Ihanan; E.K. Anderson)
1. A beautiful abode I know, Oh, would that I were there! To Father’s house when may I go, Where troubles end fore’er?
2. God’s Holy Angels there await, To welcome us inside; And we who here abide in faith, At last will there arrive.
3. In Glory great all who believed, Are living now above; And have no fear they’ll ever need, To part from those they love.
4. Oh, to that land I yearn to go, When shall I enter there? However, once indeed I know, I’ll leave this land of care.
5. Thy love, O Jesus, certainly, Will bear me safely home; Because Thy death and agony, Have now become my own.
6. For are we not Thy sheep for whom, Thou made the sacrifice? Now I am Thine, because Thy wounds, Have paid my purchase price.
7. The blessed little Lamb I see, On Zion Mountain fair; And countless throngs are constantly, Assembled ‘round Him there.
8. And there they carol everyone, A song of praise to Him; How fortunate we have become, Thanks to the Lamb I sing.
9. Already unto God above, Our souls He has redeemed; And saved us all by His great Love, So we are His indeed.
10. The bird has found itself a Home, A nest his in the tree; My hopes are thus fulfilled, and so, Now happy I can be.
11. But living here we must depend, On heaven’s bounty still; Although we have not seen it yet, One day we surely will.
12. Oh that already we could be, In our Celestial Home; Where joy abounds eternally, And grief is never known.
13. There want will nevermore disturb, For there all things abound; Lamenting there is never heard, Delight alone is found.

14. Oh, gracious year of God divine, When will it come to pass; So that this grieving soul of mine, Can find its joy at last?
15. All faith and hope and waiting there, become reality; And watchfulness as well as prayer, Will end eternally.
16. And then we’ll see on Zion Mount, Our own Redeemer dear; And shall abide with Him throughout, The everlasting year.
17. So blessed Lord, dear God above, Thy little ones preserve; And guard them with the power of, Thy Sacred Name and Word.
18. So now with joy I say Amen, Since well I understand; I’ll conquer all through faith, and then, I’ll reach the promised land.
217 Strive Dear Friends A Little Longer
(trans: 83 UL, Kilvoitelkaa Ystavani; E.K. Anderson)
1. Strive, dear friends, a little longer, On the field of battle; Night is falling fast, and yonder, Begins the dawn of rapture.
2. Let us gather blood of Jesus, Thus our strength reviving; While beneath the cross proceeding, So we’ll not deny Him.
3. Jesus, in Thy wounds a haven, I have now discovered; Into disbelief when Satan, Seeks to drag me downward.
4. Therefore, I would venture boldly, With Thy grace to guide me; Against the devil who would only, Into sin beguile us.
5. Remember that a deathless fortune, Is our portion yonder; Let us gaze upon our Glory, Quickly we will conquer.
6. Then our souls will sing rejoicing, In the land of freedom; Hallelujahs ever voicing, Before the face of Jesus.
7. Tears of loneliness and sorrow, Will at last cease flowing; When delightful breezes yonder, In my breast start blowing.
8. There the martyrs now are gathered, And the holy prophets; Soon among them all we’ll carol, The new celestial sonnet.
218 Now Of My Good Fortune Rejoicing I Sing
(trans: 268 UL, Nyt Onnestani Laulelen; E.K. Anderson)
1. Now of my good fortune rejoicing I sing, Which blood of Lord Jesus allowed me to win; My sins are forgiven, my debts are all paid, Through time and eternity, thus I am saved.

2. My fortune already through faith I behold, Whenever the story of Jesus is told; The blood that He shed on Calvary’s tree, Has washed and entirely purified me.
3. Now in my behalf speaks the blood of the Lamb, Though only a poor wretched sinner I am; Thus Father in Heaven did firmly decide, That Paradise portals be opened up wide.
4. This matter can only concisely be shown, It lies in the blood of our Saviour alone; So now to be saved nothing else does it take, But simply to cling unto Jesus in faith.
5. If more you are ever required to do, And some other act is demanded of you; Just say that in Jesus is all that you need, And that without Him you are helpless indeed.
6. Our faith has commenced by our Heavenly Friend; Who promised to carry it through to the end; No vain foolish schemes were employed on His part, When in our behalf He shed blood from His heart.
7. The bosom of Jesus with Love was aglow, When gathering Friends for Himself here below; That Love is not such that it finally ends, From earth into Heaven above it extends.
8. No love can be greater than that which he gave, When in our behalf he went to His grave; He snatched us away from the chasm of hell, And death’s gaping jaws He then sealed up as well.
9. To life everlasting the pathway he rived, It pays to believe this while here we abide; Since he is the way and the truth, it is clear, that even the simple can walk without fear.
10. So Amen we say as in faith here we roam, For soon we’ll be hearing the call to come home; The gates of the city wide open are flung, The Lamb and our Master there shine as the sun.
219 Oh Why Shouldn’t I Sing About Jesus When
1. Oh, why shouldn’t I sing about Jesus when, The desire is in my heart; He’s the Star of the dawn and our righteousness, That does life to our souls impart.
2. Then my righteousness shown when on Calvary, He was led to be crucified; When He bore my transgressions upon the tree, When the spear opened up His side.
3. Thus my spirit commences to carol praise, When I see the Bright Star of dawn; When on footsteps of Jesus I turn my gaze, Since for me every step was drawn.
4. So I’m gazing with eyes of the Spirit now, Dearest Friend of my soul on Thee; As in agony great Thou are kneeling down, And confessing my sins for me.
5. Thus entirely free I have now been brought, From the pit of destruction saved; Where I’d surely have perished if Thou had not, To the cross for my sake been nailed.
6. In betrothal a ring I received from Thee, On which sparkles the morning star; And the radiant crown Thou prepared for me, Now in faith I perceive afar.
7. Though I’ll not be adorned with that crown until, I’ve discarded this garb of clay; But while here I’m abiding in Kedar still, I can see it though tears today.

8. This corruption makes hearts become cold as ice, And our love become frozen too; But the love of the Lamb who was sacrificed, Causes souls to unite anew.
9. Therefore brothers and sisters with joy recall, That our Bridegroom will soon appear, And will unto the Father convey us all, As a homecoming gift from here.
10. While corruption and sin ever blacken us, Still by grace we are rendered fair; So I see now how brothers and sisters rush, In the wine of His love to share.
11. There’s no reason for envy, for all are free, Of His bountiful Love to take; For dear Jesus belongs to both you and me, And He daily renews our faith.
220 Oh, Listen, Child Of Mercy
(trans: No. 145 Kuule Sä Armon Lapsi, E.K. Anderson)
1. Oh, listen, child of mercy, What cause have you to grieve; Come joyfully with courage, Salvation to receive.
2. Look not on your transgressions, They only make you sad; Full pay for them already, God in His Son has had.
3. And when the Son exposes, His wounds all opened wide; The Father then beholds us, As children undefiled.
4. Our sins are drowned forever, Beneath the mercy flood; Pure clean our robes are rendered, In Jesus’ sacred blood.
5. In our own eyes we’re blacker, Than filthy grime, although; In eyes of God, our Master, We’re whiter than the snow.
6. In our minds much lesser, Than dirt ourselves we deem; And yet we are more precious, Than gold in God’s esteem.
7. If man were fully able, To comprehend his lot; With joy in his salvation, He’d die upon the spot.
8. The earthen urn could never, Endure such Glory great; So here it cannot ever, Its worth appreciate.
9. If even worldly children, Could only this perceive; They surely would be willing, Their sins at once to leave.
221 O Infinite Blessedness, Heavenly Triumph
(trans: No. 46 UL Oi Iaista Autuutta; E.K. Anderson)
1. O infinite blessedness, Heavenly triumph; O Love of the Bridegroom blessed; Who hath to a Bride so unlovely as I am, His bountiful Love extended.

2. The blood that was shed on the cross and the water, That flowed from His side so freely; They made me acceptable unto the Father, And washed me from sin completely.
3. So thus to be wife of the Lamb I am ready, In Spirit to Him betrothed; Am beautiful now and befit for the Wedding, In Bridegroom’s apparel clothed.
4. To Love of the Bridegroom my praises I offer, In weakness though here I worship; But unto Him once at that meeting up yonder, My praise will be wholly perfect.
5. And soon as a glimpse of the Heavenly City, Through opening gates I capture; My tongue will start singing a thanksgiving ditty, My heart will dissolve with rapture.
6. O triumph eternal when trumpets are sounded, Assembling the Saints together; And loudly resounding a voice there announceth, That blessed I am forever.
7. Then into the wedding, received by the Father, As fit with His Son to marry; ‘Mid luster of palms and the music of harpers, Triumphantly I am carried.
8. The Bride is made drunken with ecstasy Holy, By banks of the crystal river; When hope and belief have departed and only, There infinite Love doth linger.
9. The harps of Jerusalem thrumming so gaily, Give thanks to the Lamb forever; With Cherubim singing and Seraphim playing, O murmuring hum of Heaven.
10. A hymn of devotion the Saints are all chanting, Around the great throne encircled; Adoring the Lamb for the league everlasting, Their hearts filled with joy eternal.
11. So, Bridegroom come take me away to Thy Kingdom, And tarry no more up yonder; Thy poor promised Bride in this foreign dominion, Would care to remain no longer.
12. But while she is waiting, is happy to dwell in, The promise Thou soon arrivest; I know from Thy Word that a place at Thy wedding, Is even for me provided.
222 Praises Father Dear To Thee
(trans: 141 UL, Kiitos Isa Sulle; E.K. Anderson)
1. Praises Father dear to Thee, For presenting here to me; A Christmas gift that will at last, Into Heaven let me pass.
2. It will not be long before, I shall reach that homeland shore; Then eternal joy will start, Glowing brightly in my heart.
3. Tears will flow no more that day, When the Angels start to play; Melodies of joy and mirth, To the one who comes from earth.
4. So be happy now my soul, You will surely reach the goal; Jesus comes to meet His Bride, On the river’s other side.
5. He will brighten you that day, With His perfect light and lay; On your head a crown of gold, In your hands bright palms to hold.

6. But the dearest thing will be, That my Jesus there I’ll see; Being fully certain then, That we’ll never part again.
7. Oh what will you say my soul, When His face you first behold; And you see the city where, A Home for you He has prepared.
8. Surely then a hymn of praise, In your heart will start to blaze; When you hear the shouts of glee, And the Glory there you see.
9. All of Heaven’s multitudes, Come to greet the pilgrim who; From the land of sin arrives, At the gates of Paradise.
10. Then our wedding will begin, And endure fore’er therein; Where with spirit eyes more clear, We can look on Jesus dear.
11. In the tomb three days He lay, But His wounds did not decay; A precious thing it is to know, That from them now berries grow.
12. Sister dear on path of life, Gather berries red and ripe; When you’ve tasted one of them, Another soon you’ll crave again.
13. Brothers in the faith oh come, Let us freely take there from; In the center stands the tree, Bearing fruit abundantly.
14. Here indeed my song is scant, And my tongue is slow to thank; But when Sainted Choirs ring, Hallelujah I can sing.
223 There Is A Bleeding Fountain Spring
(trans: 142 UL, On Verilahde Sydamen; E.K. Anderson)
1. There is a bleeding fountain spring, From Jesus’ heart that flows; Which to the sinner washed therein, A pure new heart bestows.
2. The robber dying on the tree, That blessing did attain; And I who am as bad as he, There grace and life obtain.
3. And ever since in faith I saw, That bleeding fountain spring; I am compelled while breath I draw, About His love to sing.
4. And when this lisping tongue of mine, Is mouldered in the grave; With new pure lips to Lamb divine, I’ll sing a new refrain.
5. Delighted is the Bridegroom’s voice, On Zion Mount to hear; And there the Bride can e’er rejoice, Beside here Bridegroom dear.
6. Here now prepared the wedding guests, Are all invited in; So freely as a gift accept, The garments made by Him.

7. Oh Jesus’ lowly Bride await, For just a moment more; He’ll soon arrive His Bride to take, With joy away you’ll soar.
8. When through the gates of Paradise, I once go marching in; Then from my spirit will arise, A song of praise to Him.
9. A bright sun is shining there, That darkens nevermore; And Jesus is Himself the fare, Spread on the festive board.
224 Gather Sinner Drops Of Blood
(trans: 4UL, Korjaa Viela Syntinen; E.K. Anderson)
1. Gather sinner drops of blood, From the wounds of Jesus; you will find that precious flood, Does from sin redeem us; Therefore in Gethsemane, Let us still keep watching; On the bleeding battlefield, With the Lord keep marching.
2. Brother, sister, Jesus come, Humbly here to travel; For our sake He suffered pain; Therefore let us carol, Through His birth and death we’re thus, Mercy now enjoying, Since He was Victorious, We can sing rejoicing.
3. Thanks to Father for His grace, In this year of mercy, Which the Lord from kindness great, Unto us did furnish; Thanks to Jesus who was born, On this earth to save us; Thanks to Holy Spirit for All the gifts it gave us.
4. Listen to the Lord Divine, Hear His cry resounding: Grace and mercy you will find, In my blood abounding; Therefore hasten children dear, To enjoy this treasure; Hasten to be given here, Grace in double measure.
5. Look upon our Saviour’s face, Which with blood is streaming; Follow Him in anguish great, While to death proceeding; Look upon His thorny crown, Robes with blood embellished; Look upon his pain profound, And His cross so heavy.
6. All those precious drops of blood, Falling in a shower; On the ground of Golgotha, Still possess the power; To dissolve the hearts of men; So His wayward children, Find the path of life again, And new birth are given.
7. Jesus from the grave arose, Over death triumphant; Paid in full the debt we owed, And fulfilled our judgement; So from earth we too shall rise, When we hear Him calling; And be crowned in Paradise, With eternal Glory.
225 Now Boldly To The Cross Proceed
(trans: No. 10 UL Käy Rohkeasti Ristin Luo, E.K. Anderson)
1. Now boldly to the cross proceed, It into rest your soul will lead; There all your bonds become untied, And Heaven’s doors are opened wide.
2. Go there to wash your sins away, Gaze closely on the cross today; Here is your King from Heaven sent, Your bleeding Bridegroom innocent.

3. And here, dear heart, the path you see, That started from Gethsemane; It has been sprinkled with His blood, And with the cross it has been trod.
4. So fearless to the cross proceed, The blood there shed was pure indeed; Here is your Monarch Glorified, The Lamb of God for sin who died.
5. So to that bleeding cross draw near, For you have many sins, but here, A mercy altar now you own, Though grace before you’d never known.
6. Here from your load you are set free, However great your sins might be; Thus purified we can begin, Our Hallelujah song to sing.
226 Oh I’m So Glad That I’m A Child Of God
1. Oh I’m so glad that I’m a child of God, I have a Home on high where Love abounds; This gives me peace of mind and courage too, When God reveals His Word that guides me through.
2. Oh I’m so glad that Jesus died for me, He washed my sins to the bottom of the sea; This flowing river cleanses me each day, As long as I, within this faith can stay.
3. Oh I’m so glad I’ll leave this troubled land, And leave all trials and burdens way behind; When Jesus call His own to come with Him, In a burst of joy, I’ll enter Heavens band.
227 When Finally My Grave I Reach
(trans: 124 UL, Kun Paasen Vihdoin Hautaani; E.K. Anderson)
1. When finally my grave I reach, In peacefulness to slumber, Upon its bed so cold and bleak, I’ll sleep in blissful comfort; Since Jesus made it sanctified, The grave cannot distress us, For with His gentle wings spread wide, He even there protects us.
2. The dust from us He stores away, Which in the grave is scattered, And then on resurrection day, The dust again He gathers; A body new from it prepares, And with the soul unites it; So with His own it will compare, With grace He Glorifies it.
3. When death commands us one by one, To leave our life hereunder, And mercilessly tears us from, Beloved friends asunder; Our blessed Lord will not depart, Or even then forsake us, But o’er death’s stream He’ll steer the bark, Which to our home will take us.
4. We’ll then begin to hear above, The sound of Angels singing; And sweet and clear the music of, Celestial trumpets ringing; When Jesus takes us Home, and all, The Angels start rejoicing; And all the Saints in Heaven’s Hall, Start joyful carols voicing.
5. Our eyes will then grow bright and clear, Our tears be dried forever; When spread before us shall appear, The loveliness of Heaven; Of pearl are made it’s portals wide, Of purest gold it’s roadways; And soon the Lamb’s betrothed Bride, Can go to dwell there always.
6. The Angles at the open gates, Of Heaven come to greet us; Before the Father then they take, The precious Bride of Jesus; The Father clasps her to His breast, Caresses her with fervor; Since faith in Jesus the professed, Through Satan tried to curb her.

7. Up to the Cherubim she’s led, Before the crystal altar; A crown is set upon her head, White robes are laid upon her; Those garments in Gethsemane, In Jesus blood were bathed, And on the cross of Calvary, Were for the Bride created.
8. No blight of sin can follow us, Beyond the pearly portals, Nor clouds of darkness cover up, The Light of day immortal; The sun there shines eternally, The day is never ending, There hymns of praise are constantly, To Lamb of God ascending.
9. We have no reason to regret, That here in faith we struggled, Though often on the way beset, By grave distress and trouble, But on the path of peace serene, The Master leads us onward, And guides our feet to pastures green, Beside the living waters.
10. So in the footsteps of our Lord, Still let us strive to travel; And tarry for a moment more, Upon the field of battle; Where Jesus fought so valiantly, With beasts to save us harmless; And gave to us the victory, He won from prince of darkness.
11. The lion roaring for his prey, Was driven off by Jesus, So pilgrims now upon the way, Can follow Him in freedom; The devil cannot those destroy, Who walk the peaceful highways, But only those whom He decoys, To enter into byways.
12. Thus Jesus ever guides us here, Upon our homeward journey; And as we tread the pathway drear, he comforts us with mercy; So that we’ll not stray off the path, He marches on before us; Because to Paradise at last, He wishes to escort us.
228 We Lucky Believers
1. We lucky believers, Are singing a song, For in this cruel world, We do not belong.
2. Our song is too beautiful, Others can’t hear; But we know the Love, Of a Saviour who’s near.
3. We sing songs of beauty, Of glories untold; We have a great promise, That never grows old.
4. Life everlasting, Brings joy above all; We’re waiting and hoping, That soon comes the call.
5. We have no desire, For pleasures down here; One small taste of Glory, The path becomes clear.
6. What wonderful Glory, What joy we will know; When Jesus arrives, On His cloud white as snow.
7. My faith can grow stronger, With help from above; All I need is a crumb, Of His bountiful Love.
8. I now can continue, To live one more day; With faith and with hope, That He shows me the way.

229 I Hear The Sweet Voices Of Children Singing
1. I hear the sweet voices of children singing, Now I wonder who they are; Their voices are blended in such harmony, They’re God’s Angels from afar.
2. I know that my god will take care of me, By the promise in His Word; Take heed little children and do not stray, Your reward is much greater by far.
3. I’m trying to wait Oh so patiently, In this world of sorrows and sin; So that I can join all the Angels above, In their songs of thanks to Him.
4. Remember dear children the price that was paid, For the sin that surrounds us here; When Jesus called out from the cross where He hung, “It is finished,” these words are so dear.
5. I hear the sweet voices in such happy song, Oh it must be a beautiful place; Where God has prepared for His children to go, When our journey is over down here.
6. So always remember when troubles appear, To keep Christ as your guiding Light; Don’t let the temptations of this wicked world, Dim this Light that shines, Oh so bright.
7. I hear those sweet voices, they’re calling me Home, And I hope it won’t be very long; When I can just leave all these troubles behind, Singing praise and thanks to my God.
230 Thank Thee Lord Jesus For Saying These Words
(trans: No. 74 UL Sull’ Kiitos Oi Jeesus Sanastas’ Täst’.)
1. Thank thee Lord Jesus for saying these words, That all is completely fulfilled; The blood that He shed upon the wooden cross, For my sake, He set me free.
2. Jesus we have been placed into your guiding hands, Direct us and lead us on the way; And gather your throng into the Promised Land, Your Love that’s so great, draw them in.
3. Then when the Bride is called to go Home, From this strange land that’s dark and so drear; Oh then that the Bride be attired in a gown, Of righteousness whiter than snow.
4. Then we will sing our praises so gay, So happy in Heaven we’ll be; My praise will not cease nor will it fade away, In this joy that’s by grace which is mine.
5. Oh how this new Home echoes to my ears, The harps are sounding merrily; This eternal joy will never end for me, And there I am longing to be.
6. Our journey is ending and short is the road, My soul will rest eternally; That moment is so very close at hand, Eternal joy at Home will be mine.
7. Jesus blood drops opened the road to Paradise, To all who in faith, believe in Him, Oh human, ye sinner accept Him readily, And hasten to Glory too.
8. Jesus Christ in the only right road to this Home, To that new Jerusalem Land; The only one, who will carry me through, Now singing of Him as we go.

231 O My Soul Distressed And Poor
(trans: 92 UL, O Mun Koyhaa Sieluani, Sylvia Niemi)
1. O my soul, distressed and poor, Is your pathway lonely? Jesus travels with us here, Let’s cling to Him now only.
2. Jesus love this soul of mine, And wants to make it blessed; Oftentimes with sorrow’s dart, He heals the broken hearted.
3. Jesus will allow the dark, To fall on me completely; So that I would take His Word, To light my way so sweetly.
4. Jesus wills my faith to be, Tested in His measure; So the precious vict’ry crown, Would someday by my treasure.
5. Bids me still to stay in Him, Within His Word and counsel; So that I would numbered be, Among His own disciples.
6. Should we ask the shepherds yet, Where is Jesus biding? On the righteous pilgrim-path, His little lambs still guiding.
7. The pilgrim-path is narrow, right; It mortifies the body; For the flesh with all it’s lust, Cannot inherit Glory.
8. In faith and hope and charity, We travel on in battle; When the wars will ended be, We come to Heaven’s Homeland.
9. May that lovely home above, Be our goal and guideline; Underneath the cross is joy, Already on the journey.
10. The end to all is drawing near, The journey and it’s sadness; Praises therefore let us sing, Our sorrow turns to gladness.
11. Soon we’ll see the gate of Home, Opened wide and waiting; Heaven’s hall so brightly beams, From glory radiating.
12. A new earth and Heaven too, There awaiting the faithful; Abraham within his lap, Will gather all the weary.
13. Dressed in robes of righteousness, And shining in His raiment; We can be with Jesus there, Forever sing His praises.
232 Down Here Below In Strangers Land
1. Down here below in strangers land, God’s chosen ones walk hand in hand; they follow the footprints of God’s Lamb, All the way to the Promised Land.
2. In troubled waters we must sail, But the chosen ones will all be saved; Jesus pilots all the way, Rebukes the wind and it obeys.

3. With bitter herbs we eat our bread, Our drink is mixed with tears we shed; But the serpents nipping at our heels, Lost their sting on Calvary.
4. God will shake this earth once more, But they are safe who love the Lord; They will go to their reward, They kept the faith and finished their course.
5. The Royal Priesthood there will sing, Glory to God when the Bride walks in; Glory to God the King of Kings, Will be the theme when the wedding begins.
6. I was weary afraid and weak, But the Spirit of Truth uplifted me; The Spirit of Truth from Father above, Came to remind me of His Love.
7. In God’s everlasting grace I’ll rest, The Name of Jesus can be my text; Overflowing cup will be my share, In the Home of the righteous when I get there.
8. Gone will be the worldly cares, Gone will be the devil’s snare; All the old will change to new, Like a pleasant dream that has come true.
233 Oh Come And Sing This Song With Me (Tune: Kiitakaa Kaikki Jeesusta)
1. Oh, come and sing this song with me, About the day that soon shall be; When we can gather ‘round the Throne, Of Jesus Christ, our very own.
2. And joyfully we’ll sing and shout, The unbelievers left without; For peace and Love alone doth reign, And no more fears, no tears, no pain.
3. Adorned with gown so pure and white, As Jesus’ own, And by His side; We’ll dance with joy with feet so light, And on our head a crown so bright.
4. We’ll never tire, but eternally, We’ll sing and dance for we are free; Of all the cares and doubts we had, Forgotten now so we are glad.
5. We’ll see our friends who’ve gone before, We’ll meet them at that peaceful shore; The air so pure, so light, so clean, We’ll warble like a bird on wing.
6. The table spread deliciously, And poured the wine so Heavenly, We’ll drink and sober never more, Of Jesus’ Love, whom we adore.
7. The air so warm, we’ll feel no chill, Of winter’s storms but always will; Rejoicing with the Angel band, With Jesus ever hand in hand.
234 Beautiful Birds Of Paradise
(Trans: 115 UL, Taivaan Ihanat Lintuiset, E.K. Anderson)
1. Beautiful birds of Paradise, Beneath this fleeting Heaven; Rejoicing on swift wings arise, And fly away forever; As in one flock they wing their way, To their Creator singing praise, From this cold air they vanish.

2. There can be found no dearer land, For these small summer birdlings; Than that fair land in which they can, ‘Neath brighter skies, unworried; Go sailing through the balmy air, While praises to the Lamb fore’er, They sing with ringing voices.
3. They therefore can without regret, Leave everything behind them; Since from the winetree’s branches red, They have so often sighted; Across the loudly roaring sea, Jerusalem’s bright shores agleam, With peacefulness and beauty.
4. A song is often heard from there, From mouths of hundred millions; Who nourished with abundant fare, From new-lands richest vineyards; Sing songs in which they constantly, Adore the Lamb since joyfully, Their pilgrimage is ended.
5. These songs which from that land arise, Cause Sions birds to carol; More freely when ‘neath mercy skies, With free-er hearts they travel; For echoes of these songs impel, The hearts of passing birds to swell, With thankfulness and rapture.
6. So all you larks upon the wing, And all you summer swallows; You nightingales who sweetly sing, As Parent Bird you follow; Keep caroling as on you soar, Your hearts all filled with longing for, The shores of peace eternal.
7. The Mother Bird does constantly, Protect Her young hereunder; And on the way to help them she, Displays the wounds upon Her; From which these birds of passage then, Derive new life and nourishment, As well as health forever.
235 Oh Blessed Day When I Go Meet My Lord
(Tune: 113 UL, Oi Jeesus Rakas Million Noudat Sa Jennie Kero)
1. Oh blessed day when I go meet my Lord, Oh joyous call my child come Home with Me; Drop now your load, arise with winging feet, My arms are wide, I’m waiting there to greet.
2. My blood was shed, that you may enter in, It cleansed your soul from all your guilt and sin, So blessed now with garment pure and white, I welcome you into My Holy Light.
3. My loved ones there are waiting at the door, No sad farewells, no parting evermore; With joyous song of thanks and praise to Thee, My Lord and Saviour, shall it ever be.
236 If Here Our Cross And Burdens Seem Too Heavy (Trans: 81 UL Jos Ristimme On Taalla, Sylvia Niemi)
1. If here our cross and burdens seem too heavy, Remember Jesus bore a great load; So therefore we should never be complaining, But still in faith proceed along the road.
2. If obstacles confront us on the journey, They only teach us lessons of the faith; You’ll see how Jesus comes to our assistance, And in our panic shows His loving face.
3. For by His blood He made us fully perfect, Prepared for us a mansion in the skies; He leads the way, He traveled there before us, And still exhorts us to abide in Him.

4. If all the world’s against us in the struggle, It very clearly thus does testify; We have another, fairer Home in Heaven, Than this old earth so dark and sin defiled.
5. So we can sing and truly be most joyful, For our Lord Jesus leads us on the way; And so to praise Him as we should, we cannot, Because our fortune is so very great.
6. Even if mother should forsake her loved one, Our Jesus never will forsake His own; The smallest one He leaves not from His guidance, But tenderly brings all the children home.
7. By His own blood He constantly revives us, And feeds us with His mercy from above; Despises not our poverty or weakness, Our nakedness He covers with His Love.
8. So therefore where could we abide more sweetly, Than on His bosom, the mercy-lap of Love; For there is all we need He still sustains us, The sinner there receives such perfect love.
9. For there is fortune so great it can’t be measured, And Blessedness, and joy and charity; And there is vict’ry also untold Glory, The spring of life our cleansing purity.
237 How Lucky We Are That God Did Send
1. How lucky we are that God did send, Jesus to earth die for our sins; He shed His blood on Calvary’s tree, He did it just for you and for me.
2. Jesus was sent as our only hope, On this sea of sin for keeping afloat; So open your heart and let Jesus in, He will wipe away all your sin.
3. How lucky we are that all it takes, Belief in God and we have that faith; You have that faith and I have it too, And it will always carry us through.
4. How lucky we are He’ll soon call us home, And there we shall be safe from all harm; Safe from all harm of this old world, Safe in the arms of Christ our Lord.
5. So let us hold on a few moments more, Soon He will call us to that golden shore; And there we shall sing and praise our Lord, Home with our lovely ones forevermore.
238 Wintertime Is Over Now
(Trans: 183 UL, Talvi On Nyt Kulunut, E.K. Anderson)
1. Wintertime is over now, The earth bears fruit already; Buds are bursting into bloom, Their sweet aroma spreading.
2. Under scorn and ridicule, Still on this earth we wander; Flowers fair we are howe’er, That flourish in God’s garden.
3. Many troubles for her good, The Bride indeed must suffer; But beside her Bridegroom dear, She dwells at peace hereunder.
4. And my dears you yet will see, That blessed time beginning; When the turtle dove you’ll hear, In our own country singing.

5. Children now are all arrayed, In pure white robes that glisten; And at times a little taste, Of Heaven’s wine we’re given.
6. Nothing can prevent the Bride, Her pilgrimage from wending; She just warms herself with Love, From Bridegroom’s breast descending.
7. When we look deep in His side, Which by the spear was riven; Hearts begin to soften and, New eyes we then are given.
8. Listen now what happens to, The Bride when by her Bridegroom; She is taken by the hand, And led down to the wineroom.
9. There the children tenderly, Start looking at each other; Eyes commence to melt and hearts, Just want to burst asunder.
10. Love in them is so intense, That hearts are bothered by it; Mercy children then begin, From here for Homeland pining.
11. Though that Love is hidden now, Which here at times we’ve tasted; Brightly it will sparkle when, We reach that peaceful haven.
12. If a drink of bitter brew, From sorrow’s cup we’re given; Then with mercy’s telescope, We peer toward Home in Heaven.
13. There the Bride will certainly, Her Groom at once discover; Wedding wine is all prepared, The board with dainties covered.
14. He will soon start calling us, So to His voice now listen; Oh, my darlings, hasten here, That I may give you kisses.
15. And indeed the Bride can wait, Down here a little longer; ‘Till the bells of peace begin, Resounding sweetly yonder.
16. When those trumpets from above, Once in our ears start chiming; We will all be snatched away, To dwell fore’er beside Him.
17. From His lips we then shall hear, The long awaited message; Come, my darlings, here to claim, The Kingdom of the Blessed.
18. If the Lord should one by one, Take us away hereunder; At the gates of Paradise, Again we’ll meet each other.
19. Servitude and loneliness, Will trouble us no longer; With our Bridegroom when fore’er, In Paradise we wander.
20. Toward His Bride He has a heart, That ever grows more tender; Then indeed homesickness will, Abandon us forever.
21. There those five deep wounds of His, Are changed to brilliant flowers; Sparkling on the Tree of Life, Which in our midst now towers.

22. Then we’ll not by sin or death, Be threatened any longer; When our vict’ry jubilee, We hold forever yonder.
23. And we’ll have no worries or, Afflictions when forever; With our Groom we’re drinking there, The wine of Love together.
24. Children then eternally, Will nothing more desire; They just kiss each other there, By Love Divine inspired.
25. Oh, my brothers, sisters, dear, That Love will last forever; Then we’ll know the loneliness, Of separation never.
26. Spirit now and life we have, Contentment to us bringing; In our hearts already here, The dove of peace is singing.
27. Joy will be abundant there, Though here we never knew it; And eternally we’ll not, Perceive that joy concluded.
28. Children by the Lord are there, With mercy waters sprinkled; In the fire of His Love, Their hearts become enkindled.
29. Oh, beloved friends of mine, Then nothing will be lacking; For delight and peace and Love, Greater will be changing.
30. Hearts will never be distressed, By either cold or hunger; There we’ll all keep twittering, The happy hymn of summer.
31. Neither days nor nights will then, Be counted any longer; With our eyes we’ll once begin, Beholding all these wonders.
32. All of us who now are in, This mighty league of mercy; Will to God eternally, A hymn of praise be chirping.
33. So dear friends, to tell you more, I shall not now endeavor; But in Heaven will be quenched, The thirst of Love forever.
239 There’s A Glorious Day For Us All
1. There’s a glorious day for us all, Who in Jesus believe in His Word; There’s a garden of Love for us all, Who are waiting to hear Jesus call.
Chorus: In that garden are Jewels of Love, And they shine there so brightly above; Called away from this world of despair, To a garden that glows with His Love.
2. It’s a perilous way without Him, And the gate to the garden seems dim; Child of God battle bravely and stay, In His pathway so clear, do not stray. Chorus:
3. Though the way seems as closed as a door, Just remember the thorns that He wore; And be ready Oh Bride do not fall, For we know not the day He will call. Chorus:

4. The reward there so great it will be, And then we will finally see; What our faith has beheld for us here, When we trust in our Jesus so dear. Chorus:
5. On that glorious day we will shout, No believer is ever left out; From the garden of Love so divine, Everlasting the Light there will shine. Chorus:
240 Oh That Wedding Hall Immense
1. Oh that wedding hall immense, Where the children carol; Bearing palms and diadems, Clad in white apparel, Clad in white apparel.
2. On their golden crowns now gleam, Branches intertwining; On whose many forks are seen, Brilliant nail heads shining, Brilliant nail heads shining.
3. Oh, that silken wedding gown, The Bride is now arrayed in; As she proudly walks about, Her golden crown displaying, Her golden crown displaying.
4. Leaves upon it shimmering, Also lovely flowers; Garments on her glittering, Beauty all around her, Beauty all around her.
5. Such is Heaven’s finery, Gold and satin gorgeous; Those roves are never tiring, Though they’re on her always, Though they’re on her always.
6. Oh, that precious crown that rests, On the Bride so lightly; Though ‘twas heavy when it pressed, On Jesus head so tightly, On Jesus head so tightly.
7. Nailheads, leaves and flowers gay, On the crown now sparkle; They were drops of blood that day, Now to gold were altered, Now to gold were altered.
8. Oh, those lovely wedding clothes, Which the Bride has on her; That Jesus wore when He was mocked, By the lips of mockers, By the lips of mockers.
9. They were purple and blood-stained, From the wounds upon Him; But are now completely changed, Soft and sweet and lovely, Soft and sweet and lovely.
10. How beautiful the Saints appear, Clad in pure white garments; On their heads in daylight clear, Glitter golden garlands, Glitter golden garlands.
11. Oh, that precious beauty rare, Before our eyes appearing; Sound of singing everywhere, Which our ears are hearing, Which our ears are hearing.
12. Now betroubled souls descend, Down upon their faces; Thanks to Jesus they extend, For His gift so gracious, For His gift so gracious.
13. As they bend down to the ground, Giving thanks to Jesus; Jesus brightens up their crowns, By His own achievements, By His own achievements.
14. In that crown are gathered up, Ornaments so lavish; Flowers they are called by us, Though conceived in anguish, Though conceived in anguish.

15. Oh, that diadem aglow, Dazzling bright and precious; Gathered up in grief and woe, From flowerlets the fairest, From flowerlets the fairest.
16. I’ll never cease from thanking Him, Or from singing praises; To Jesus for the precious gifts, He so freely gave us, He so freely gave us.
241 When Comes That Blessed Morning
(Trans: 107 UL, Kosk’ Tulee Onnellinen, E.K. Anderson)
1. When comes that blessed morning, The day on which I can; Go Home to dwell in Glory, In God’s Celestial Land; When will this wait be ended, These hours here expended, In hopeful loneliness.
2. Each day when I awaken, I count my moments here; E’er longing to be taken, to rest upon my bier; For then I can aspire, To carol in the choir, Before the Cherubim.
3. It gives me joy perceiving, That day by day I get; More weary and more feeble, And so I’m certain that; My time is running over, And soon I shall be lowered, Down in my grave to rest.
4. Of, Jesus dear, permit me, In peace to go from here; Still as Thou wish, assist me, To linger with good cheer; but, Darling do not tarry, Come quickly here to carry, My soul away with Thee.
5. My cares are not the reason, Or sorrows here below; That make my days seem endless, Down in this land of woe; I heed them not, dear Jesus, Because success and freedom, Thy wounds to me have brought.
6. Great is the cause, however, That makes my spirit mount; From earth’s polluted weather, up to Thy Holy House; For nothing earth can furnish, Is competent to nourish, This hungry soul of mine.
7. ‘Tis Thy own fault, dear Jesus, Since Thou let me behold; What happiness unfathomed, Thou promised to my soul; For one who has repented, And willingly consented, Thy mercy to accept.
8. Since first Thou manifested, They sacred wounds to me; And faith in me effected, That set my spirit free; My lips have been a-thirsting, To taste the sweetness bursting, From those deep honeycombs.
9. The more I am permitted, Thy bleeding wounds to see; The more I long to linger, Within them constantly; It adds to my desire, And sets my heart afire, To come and dwell with Thee.
10. When on the cross I’m gazing, Encouraged I become; I shall not cease from praying, To Thee with heart and tongue; Oh, Saviour dear forever, Let us abide together, In Holy harmony.
11. With Thy sweet voice Thou brighten, And fill my life with cheer; With gracious words Thou lighten, My tribulations here; But sorrow it does cause me, Because this mortal body, Is still to earth attached.
12. My soul is e’er uplifted, And filled with blessedness; Which Jesus has permitted, Poor sinners to possess; I feel Him drawing nearer, Becoming ever dearer, The more I study Him.

13. A captive of the spirit, Is in my breast confined; Although I do not fear it, Since flesh is doomed to die; I’m bothered when around me, I hear the awful pounding, And clanking of it’s chains.
14. Oh, day of my salvation, That sets my spirit free; And gives me liberation, From this great load on me; This body that oppresses, That constantly distresses, And hinders my repose.
15. O soul, of mine, consider, That God you shall behold; And also your Redeemer, As in the flesh foretold; What beauty there surrounds us, What Glory all around us, And Majesty immense.
16. Oh, what Celestial brightness, What ecstasy untold.; What rapturous excitement, As Jesus we behold; When we arrive in Heaven, And there abide forever, To kneel before His Throne.
17. What joy and rapture endless, We shall enjoy up there; What happiness stupendous, And even here I dare; To be content, since Jesus, In order to redeem us, Did shed His precious blood.
18. I sink down with elation, Deep in the mercy sea; Regarding the salvation, In Heaven promised me; And so I marvel greatly, About the bliss awaiting, There for a Bride like me.
19. We are not often able, To be together here; But when among the Angels, We shall at last appear; We’ll always be together, And carol there forever, The hymn of God’s elect.
20. This comfort still I’m given, That once I shall depart; For when my form grows rigid, And falls at last apart; My soul will be transported, To Paradise escorted, Led in by Jesus hand.
21. Now ardently I’m longing, To reach that blessed shore; To which Thou ever drew me, So there I want to soar; But comfort here it lends me, That sprinkled blood has cleansed me, And purified my heart.
22. When best for me Thou deem it, O Jesus hasten here; And keep me ever ready, To leave this earthly sphere; Thou shed Thy blood to save me, So constantly I praise Thee, For thus redeeming me.
242 Oh I Am So Weary And Lonely Down Here
1. Oh I am so weary and lonely down here, Surrounded by troubles, sorrows and fears; I want to go Home with my Jesus to stay, Just stop now and think of that Glorious Day.
2. The earth was created by God for us all, Now He had a plan but somehow we did fall; But God in His mercy did pardon our sins, By giving His Son what a wonderful thing.
3. Oh I am so glad that a sinner like me, Can have this forgiveness extended to me; To know that when death my eyelids do close, I will be safe in Heaven, no more have to roam.
4. This world has become so corrupt and so bleak, It has nothing to offer but death and defeat; So children don’t hang on to things of this earth, But hang on to Jesus, who gave you new birth.
5. Oh! Just think how lucky we really are then, That God gave us Jesus, truly our Friend; Now all I can say as my heart starts to swell; Thank you dear God and keep me to the end.

243 Oh Jesus Dear How Precious
(Trans: 302 UL, O Jeesus Kuinka Haavas, E.K. Anderson)
1. Oh, Jesus dear, how precious, Thy wounds are now to me; They beautify Thy body, And bring salvation free; For they alone have power, To bind these hearts of ours, Eternally to Thee.
2. On Thee and on Thy anguish, Thy suffering and pain; Upon Thy heart enravished, By agony and shame; My eyes I’m ever turning, Upon them always yearning, To gaze the livelong day.
3. I care to know of nothing, Save Jesus crucified; All panic is forgotten, When in Thy wounds I hide; I kiss them with elation, Because Thy tribulation, Has made me sanctified.
4. Oh, heart of Love unfathomed, Now all goes well with me; When I perceive the anguish, Thou bore upon the tree; And there behold Thee slaughtered, A Lamb upon the altar, In sacrifice for me.
5. Oh, great is the salvation, Each sinner comprehends; When in the blood of Jesus, For mercy he depends; Then in His side wide open, As one of God’s own chosen, With joy he finds himself.
6. And now I bide in safety, On promise made by Thee; For Jesus, Thou art faithful, And merciful to me; Great agony Thou suffered, So in return is offered, This heart of mine to Thee.
7. And nothing now can tear me, Away from Jesus’ arms; For at the cross now Satan, Himself can do no harm; Because that evil demon, Was there compelled to leave us, And then his head was crushed.
8. The devil with his cunning, Can cause me no dismay; For he will find his power, Completely snatched away; Be left outside forever, When Jesus’ side I enter, To dwell in peace all day.
9. And so I sit contented, There in my hiding place; On earth’s unholy pleasures, I have no time to waste; I know that Jesus solely, Is my own Bridegroom Holy, In Him alone is grace.
10. So in my heart, dear Jesus, Abide forevermore; And let Thy death so grievous, The agony Thou bore; Become my dearest treasure, For joy beyond all measure, Thy presence doth afford.
11. Thy wounds upon Thy body, I know their strength immense; And constantly upon them, My kisses now I press; Within my heart enclose them, And pray when death approaches, The Home with them I’ll get.
12. Praise to Thy name I render, Oh mighty Trinity; In Jesus I shall ever, Enjoy salvation free; I’ll never cease to carol, Thy wounds received in battle, Are dear indeed to me.
244 Let Us Sing In Dances Gay
(Trans: 237 UL, Veisatkaamme Tanssissa, E.K. Anderson)
1. Let us sing in dances gay, Let us thanks to God convey; As trumpets of the Lord we play, As trumpets of the Lord we play.

2. Singing praise by this is meant, Singing and dancing David went; Praising God for His Covenant, Praising God for His Covenant.
3. As he with the Ark advanced, Told the flock to clap their hands; And rejoice in God’s commands, And rejoice in God’s commands.
4. Abraham was happy here, When he saw his Saviour dear; Unto him in faith appear, Unto him in faith appear.
5. Isaac also felt delight, When the ram was sacrificed; And he thus was spared his life, And he thus was spared his life.
6. We can also now be glad, For we have the self-same Lamb; Offered up in our behalf, Offered up in our behalf.
7. Jesus hung upon the tree, In His mouth the words were these; Which in dying He did shout, Which in dying He did shout.
8. “It is all fulfilled,” and so, Now to faith the way is shown; To Tabor Mount did Peter go, To Tabor Mount did Peter go.
9. Where in joy of faith he raved, Thinking Heaven there displayed; And he then on Pentecost, And he then on Pentecost.
10. When the Holy Ghost he got, Raised his voice and would not hush; All who heard him voicing thus, All who heard him voicing thus.
11. Thought he had been filled with wine, Thus does Jesus still at times; Make us drunk with joy divine, Make us drunk with joy divine.
12. But apart from worldly camps, Glad was Simeon when at last; Jesus in his arms he clasped, Jesus in his arms he clasped.
13. Wished to go away from here, For of death he has no fear; Who embraces Jesus dear, Who embraces Jesus dear.
245 The Devil Likes To Hound At Me
1. The devil likes to hound at me, And tells me I’m no child of God; But with my heart I do believe, And with my mouth confess Jesus Christ.
2. The Spirit testifies to me, That this so pleases my dear God; That one day for sure He will say to me, My weary child, “Come Home with me.”
3. Come my blessed child and sup, From my everlasting cup; Prepared for the ones who in me believed, And inherit the land where you’ll never grieve.
4. In this new land no bitter tears will fall, No tribulations or trials call; The devil’s wiles have vanished away, So the children of God can forever be gay.

5. Oh, Thank you God for everything, That you have always in mercy given; So your little child can eternally rest, In the Heaven prepared for God’s elect.
246 Unknown Words Unknown Things We Will See
1. Unknown words, unknown things we will see, When this great Love, God opened to me; I can see signs of that brighter day, When God’s Love starts melting my way.
2. This earthly flesh, earthly heart, is so cold, But this little bird that’s flying in my heart; Gives a lift and assures me that it’s so, That this little bird will carry me home.
3. Many times we are fed while here, but the devil tells us it is not so; And this Holy Spirit makes it reknown, Jesus will be coming to carry us home.
4. All the Angels in Heaven, we’ll see, Are with God and our Saviour you see; They are waiting for that great day, When the jewels will be coming that way.
5. We are there already spiritually, but while here to complete our duties; So the ones who have not heard of this birth, Can be brought into this Kingdom by God’s Word.
247 With God Is Joy And Gladness
1. With God is joy and gladness, This world is not my home; ‘Tis full of sin and sadness, Wherever I may roam; Our joy is mixed with sorrow, Our pleasures sorely pressed; But on God’s grand tomorrow, We’ll find a perfect rest.
2. My hope is built and resting, On God’s Eternal Word; This rock has stood the testing, My future is assured; My cross I’ll gladly carry, He bore the cross for me; I’ll watch and pray and tarry, Until His face I see.
3. Exchange my lot – no never, For pleasures of this world; I’ll serve my Lord forever, Tho’ darts at me are hurled; I’ll do my best for Jesus, And reap with joy someday; Depending on His promise, To lead me all the way.
4. In God I find my pleasure, His Love now thrills my soul, I find my greatest treasure, In Christ – who made me whole; This world is full on sadness, Illusion and decay, In God is joy and gladness, That cannot pass away.
248 Jesus Flock Of Little Children
(Tune: No. 169 UL, Nosta Paasi Ylos Maasta)
1. Jesus flock of little children, Look up through the clouds and air; Look up through the fog depressing, At the beauty of your King.
2. See the five deep wounds upon Him, See His bleeding nail pierced hands; Victory He won in dying, Oh how beautiful He stands.

3. See His heart how full of mercy, Still with comfort flowing clear; Jesus comes He holds communion, With His lowly Bride down here.
4. Now He spreads His wings of mercy, All who tremble come inside; Manna sweet He gives from Heaven, From His open wounded side.
5. Blessed is this flock of children, Who confess His precious name; Jesus gave His Holy Spirit, Blessed comfort still the same.
6. Put away all fear and doubting, Jesus lives with us today; Feeds us with His blood and body, Gives us strength in Him to stay.
7. Now let every heart start singing, Every tongue join in the song; Praise Him for He still is bringing, Victory and joy and Love.
249 With All My Heart I’m Longing Soon To See
(Trans: 295 UL, Ma Sydamestani Nahda Halajan, E.K. Anderson)
1. With all my heart I’m longing soon to see, My dearest Friend of all eternity; Thou art my Saviour, my Emanuel, Forever kind and merciful as well.
2. No greater blessing do I hope to find, My soul will be completely satisfied; When my beloved there at last I see, Who gave His life on Golgatha for me.
3. And then my harp, also with joyful chants, Will mingle in the Holy hymn of thanks; When I behold the ransomed souls who meet, In multitudes before the judgement seat.
4. Down at His feet their golden crowns they throw, Are glorified in garments white as snow; As harps resound of victory they sing, To Thee, O Holy Lord, let praises ring.
5. The power of the blood Thou shed for me, Has brought about this blessed victory; So now forever in the House of God, In words of truth it loudly echoes on.
6. The price is paid, the law is now fulfilled, My sins atoned, the debtor’s voice is stilled; ‘Tis just through grace that grace can be attained, In sacred blood this firmly is proclaimed.
7. The Cherubim with feathered wings of white, No longer hide the mercy seat from sight; It stands uncovered in our very midst, So all who thirst, come from this fount’ to drink.
8. With manna sweet the hungry soul is fed, Up from the dust you now may raise your head; To eyes of hope it is revealed to me, That soon indeed my Bridegroom I shall see.
9. My faith is strengthened since I am aware, That to the crown I am indeed an Heir; However black my dwelling place may be, In Jesus I am cleansed eternally.

250 Dear Jesus Still Pilots His People
(Trans: 289 UL, Jeesus Viela Laumansa Johtaa, E.K. Anderson)
1. Dear Jesus still pilots His people, With peace He comes welcoming them; When Bridegroom’s affection I’m feeling, It comforts my spirit again.
2. If power of mercy can seldom, Awaken emotion in me; The power of faith can however, Still cause me contented to be.
3. To feel my dear Bridegroom’s affection, How often my spirit does sigh; For dreary and cramped is the dwelling, That houses the dove from on high.
4. That dove begins often lamenting, Down here in this narrow abode; When peace from above starts descending, Her spirit is sweetly consoled.
5. Aware of dear Jesus’ devotion, My worries and cares disappear; When rivers of mercy are flowing, My bosom is flooded with cheer.
6. When here the poor Bride is a-thirsting, And yearning her Bridegroom to meet; He pours out the wine of His mercy, That fills her with ecstasy sweet.
7. Whenever the children now carol, The Father is filled with delight; Since Bride of the Son is appareled, In garments so wondrously bright.
8. And soon the whole flock will be able, In swarms to go soaring aloft; For Bride’s desolation is making, The tears from her eyelids to start.
9. When Bridegroom with trumpets a-blowing, Descends here to take her away; The tears that she shed will stop flowing, A crown on her head He will lay.
10. The reasons that made her unhappy, The Bride will remember no more; When from this sad land she is carried, Away to that Glorious Shore.
11. Becrowned she just dances delighted, Though her body at rest does remain; With her soul ‘twill at once be united, When yonder they call out her name.
251 In God’s Garden Flowers Flourish
(Trans: 255 UL, On Kukkia Taivaan Tarhurilla, E.K. Anderson)
1. In God’s garden flowers flourish, Snowy white and gorgeous; Which with drops of blood were purchased, :: At a price enormous ::
2. And graciously the palms are growing, Under weights oppressive; Though often chilled by northwinds blowing, :: In foreign land depressing ::
3. But when the bleeding cloud at evening, Warm rain on them is shedding; And midday sun is brightly gleaming, :: Then fruit they bear already ::
4. One flower here among us blooming, Does like the sun now glitter; And from our hearts begins removing, :: The icy crust of winter ::

5. That flower once ascending higher, Will shine above all others; When Father bids the Angel Choirs, :: To play upon their trumpets ::
6. Then the golden grain is garnered, Into golden bowers; And Bridegroom gives His Bride a garland, :: Of lovely bridal flowers ::
7. Our golden wedding celebration, We shall at once start keeping; The mute start thanking, and the lame ones, :: Like little fawns start leaping ::
8. And then my rigid tongue commences, Into praise relaxing; Nor can feeling cold prevent it, :: For nothing there is lacking ::
9. Celestial wine transforms my sorrow, Into endless rapture; Of summer’s sweetness there tomorrow, :: I’ll sing beside my Master ::
10. I shall recall to mind no longer, That here on earth I languished; When with my Bridegroom dancing yonder, :: To sound of harps a-twanging ::
11. So praise to God I want to render, For grace immense decreed us; Since even I will get to Heaven, :: Just through faith on Jesus ::
252 Flowers Of God When Planted Here
1. Flowers of God when planted here, Find little food to begin to grow; But still not giving up living, For the Father nurtures the seedlings low.
2. Here winds often blow and break the stems, Leaving a soar that will not close; Wounded although they still grow, So that they might bloom like the Heaven’s glow.
3. When the weeds begin to cover them, The flowers sadly start to die; Then the Sun shines bright and breaks the night, So they may in the arms of Jesus lie.
4. Flowers of God now beautiful, Peacefully held in Jesus arms; Remember not what struggles they fought, Growing and blooming in troubled lands.
253 Armies Of The Lord In Zion
(Trans: 313 UL, Sotalauma Siionissa, Lars Kemp)
1. Armies of the Lord of Zion, Sing with joy of victory; In tribulation remember always, Present things will pass away.
2. Battle bravely God’s dear soldiers, On the battleground of God; The banner waving upon the highest, Is our sign of victory.
3. Arise, arise ye glorious army, Refreshments of the Lord receive; Springs of Sion now are open, Flowing life eternally.

4. Strength and hope in tribulation, Come receive now from our God; Satisfaction from mercy’s table, Eat your fill, there is no cost.
5. Enemies fall down before us, With our King now on our side; Shores of Canaan, our Homeland, Through the mist we clearly see.
6. Soon will come the host of Heaven, Fiery chariots are in sight; Pilgrims weary, they will gather, Dwell on peaceful shores above.
7. Bleeding red the clouds of Heaven, Hark! I hear the trumpets blow; And I see God’s Holy Army, Lifted up, thanks here we go.
8. Harps to each of us are given, Shining crowns adorn our heads; Hallelujah! Sing forever, Thanks to God, we’re Home at last.
254 One Day I’ll See My Jesus Christ
1. One day I’ll see my Jesus Christ, And Heaven’s host will join with me; To sing and praise forevermore, My precious Saviour, King and Lord.
2. There Heaven’s bells ring endlessly, A song of Love eternally, Celestial peace and joy and love, Will mingle ‘mongst the Sons of God.
3. The Lamb of God, O shines so bright, In my mansion where’s no night; How wonderful it is to dwell, Forevermore at God’s great Throne.
255 In God’s Care Beloved Brothers
(Trans: 160 UL, Herran Haltuun Veljet Rakkaat, E.K. Anderson)
1. In God’s care, beloved Brothers; Now depart in peace to roam; Faithfully our Heavenly Father, In His arms will bear us Home; Oh, how sweet to be aware, That we’ll meet each other there; In the presence of the Lord, On that bright Celestial Shore; Where from eyes of God’s own people, Tears of parting flow no more.
2. Oh, beloved friends, remember, Faith in Jesus e’er to keep; For the good and loyal Shepherd, Gave His life to save His sheep; In His triumph is our strength, In His blood our nourishment; In His sacred wounds we find, Endless year of grace divine; Mercy’s power will sustain us, ‘Till in Heaven we arrive.
256 ‘Tis Comforting Indeed To Roam
(Trans: Ompa Turvallista Kulkea, E.K. Anderson)
1. ‘Tis comforting indeed to roam, Through this dark wilderness toward Home; When once our Hero victorious, Has shown the path of life to us.
2. If on the way I fall, my Friend, Is there to help me rise again; And then renews His promise true, I never shall abandon you.

3. The wounded on His breast He sets, And takes him to the inn to rest; Pays for his care and offers too, Remit whatever more is due.
4. With words of peace He comes to greet, And wakens those in death who sleep; So Bread of Life He might divide, He did upon this earth arrive.
5. To take us Home He’ll soon descend, And thus this weary way will end; From under clouds then souls oppressed, Are borne up to the Holiest.
6. Then all my dreams I’ll realize, When Bridegroom calls me from the skies; From under clouds then souls oppressed, Are borne up to the Holiest.
7. Oh wondrous Love that set me free, And from the dust has lifted me; To sing among God’s children gay, And on the trump’s of peace to play.
8. Oh wondrous mercy shown to me, On which I stand and constantly; Can be prepared to leave this land, To hold the wedding of the Lamb.
9. Oh wondrous moment when the cry, Is heard resounding from the sky; Come enter land of peace serene, Where harps of gold you shall receive.
10. I care to know of nothing else, But of the Sacred Love immense; That blends with God this soul of mine, And ever keeps my hope alive.
11. Old Simeon already here, Held in his arms my Love dear; His great salvation he adored, When gazing on the infant Lord.
257 The Holy Lamb Of God Upon
(Trans: 306 UL, Jumalan Pyha Karita, E.K. Anderson)
1. The Holy Lamb of God upon, The cross as crucified; Because of Love immense for us, He offered up His life.
2. As bleeding sacrifice for sin, God’s anger He appeased; And Heaven thus He opened up, When vict’ry He achieved.
3. But nature could not bear to see, It’s own Creator’s death; The sun was darkened and the earth, Did quake and rocks were rent.
4. And many bodies of the Saints, Then from their graves did rise; When their Redeemer had in war, Full triumph realized.
5. So let us not with disbelief, Cause Jesus grief to bear; But let us hasten in the flock, His victory to share.
6. Lord Jesus once with power great, Up from the grave arose; And by His Holy Spirit still, Does animate His own.
7. A banquet rich has been prepared, On Sion Mount for us; Of marrow, fat and wedding wine, A feast luxurious.

8. So let us keep on striving, friends, In faith upon the Lord; At home we’ll soon arrive to praise, The Lamb forevermore.
258 To The Glory Of My Dear Jesus
(Trans: Jeesukseni Kunniaksi, O. Jokinen)
1. To the Glory of my dear Jesus, A new song I want to sing; Then in Heaven Glorious, I will thank Him joyously.
2. Then I’ll sing a tune that’s new there, With delightful voices clear; When this earth it is no more, Place of dwelling for my soul.
3. In the lap of my dear Jesus, Sweet and lovely is His rest; Thanking Him because He purchased, Gave me Heaven’s Blessedness.
4. O my Homeland, O so lovely, When I once can see it too; Then I’ll praise rejoicingly, Jesus; God, eternally.
5. Hosianna, Halleluja! Then all Saints will start to sing; When from earth you have us purchased, Your own blood the purchase price.
6. When I have this gift so precious, Wholly through His grace alone; And the whole Heavenly City, Through faith only, I can own.
7. And Ye gave your Spirit Holy, My companion on the way; And His Spirit will reveal, Jesus, in my troubles here.
259 Just As I Am, Without One Plea
1. Just as I am, Without one plea; But that Thy blood was shed for me; And that Thou bids’t me come to Thee; O Lamb of God! I come! I come!
2. Just as I am, And waiting not; To rid my soul of one dark blot; To Thee, whose blood can cleanse each spot; O Lamb of God! I come! I come!
3. Just as I am, Thou wilt receive; Wilt welcome, pardon, cleanse, relieve; Because Thy promise I believe; O Lamb of God! I come! I come!
4. Just as I am, Thy love unknown; Has broken ev’ry barrier down; Now to be Thine, yea, Thine alone; O Lamb of God! I come! I come!
260 Oh, Come Ye All To Carol Praise
(Trans: No. 157 UL, Tulkaa Kaikki Laulamaan, E.K. Anderson)
1. Oh, come ye all to carol praise, To render hymns in childlike ways; We who are weak, let us adore , And for His mercy, praise the Lord.

Chorus: Let Thy praise and Glory ring! Thanks to Jesus now I sing; O Hosanna, O Hosanna, O Hosanna unto Thee; Jesus dear, I Thee extol, Gracious Saviour of my soul; O Hosanna, O Hosanna, O Hosanna unto Thee.
2. In Heaven’s Hall, O King Divine, Thy royal robes do brightly shine; Their radiant luster does excel, A thousand times the sun itself. Chorus:
3. So now I carol constantly, A song of thanks and praise to Thee; My tongue will ever praise Thy worth, In Heaven as it does on earth. Chorus:
4. Let thanks to Thee fore’er resound, Thy praises echo all around; For all Thy Blessed Love and cheer, Oh, precious Lord and Saviour dear. Chorus:
261 O Infant Jesus, Shining Star Of Bethel
(Trans: 279 UL, Lapsi Herra Jeesus, Bethlehemin Tahti, E.K. Anderson)
1. O infant Jesus, shining star of Bethel, He brightens up my spirit dark and drear; Through faith I now behold my crown in Heaven, And can forget my black abode down here.
2. My righteousness is lying in the manger, He was indeed descended down so low; That little ones would dare approach their Saviour, And in their arms the blessed babe enfold.
3. Beloved Jesus scatters all our sorrows, As brightest light is leading us along; One glance upon our Friend and soon the swallows, Begin again to sing a joyful song.
4. Thus infant Jesus on this earth was humbled, No room to lodge Him, even in the inn; So in the manger stall the wee one slumbers, And by that star we’re guided there to Him.
5. A Christmas gift I have that’s truly precious, And when in faith it is revealed to me; If all the world now offered me it’s treasures, Compared to this, how worthless they would be.
6. The Saviour He adorns His own with Glory, As in their breasts this light is shining clear; he came down as a Friend to all the lowly, And does among His little ones appear.
7. How fortunate we are, beloved children, When on our consciences a blessing flows, And we behold all Heaven’s store of riches, That is up there on thee and me bestowed.
8. Which can by neither moth nor rust be ruined, It shall abide forever undestroyed; No end to joy, the jubilee’s enduring, When children in their heritage rejoice.
9. So thanks to Thee, my dearest Christmas present, Since here Thou came, O bearer of the cross; And paid our sins, or we’d be lost forever, To praise Him, children, surely we have cause.
262 Oh Come Now Children Let Us Sing
(Trans: No. 182 UL, Lauletaan Me Nyt Lapset, E.K. Anderson)
1. Oh, come now, children, let us sing, About our blessed freedom; Since we have put our trust in Him, Our bleeding Bridegroom, Jesus.

2. Indeed the law so arduous, Does not belong to children; Though narrow-minded ones from us, Require its fulfillment.
3. And thus would try to take away, Our happiness and freedom; When little children sing all day, And praise their darling Jesus.
4. For that abundant mercy which, In Jesus they discover; And which now freely as a gift, Is given them hereunder.
5. But this is what most pleases them, And sets their hearts asinging; When Jesus dear, the children’s Friend, A feast for them is giving.
6. Which is the blessed Lord Himself, Who does to strength restore them; And who from love all bleeding red, Now marches on before them.
7. He meets the foremen of His flock, And down to earth He hurls them; Thus strengthening His children’s hearts, In faith to greater courage.
8. So now the gruesome grave itself, No longer can appall them; Because our Sovereign Lord Himself, Once walked through it undaunted.
9. He then with Father’s strength arrayed, Up from the grave ascended; To greet His friends with peace, which made, Self-righteous ones offended.
10. For never was a feast amid, Their friends to them afforded; The law they kept, good deeds they did, Yet sighs are still their portion.
11. But joyful are the little ones, And are by this delighted; That Jesus with His mercy comes, To travel still beside them.
12. He brightens up His wounds to them, From which the blood came surging; And out of which sweet nourishment, They get who crave for mercy.
13. When from the power of that food, The children’s hearts are strengthened; The shores of Home start shining through, As in a glass reflected.
14. So joyfully the children boast, Of their eternal freedom; Since as a gift it was bestowed, To them in their Lord Jesus.
263 Here In This Foreign Land, My Soul
(Trans: No. 175 UL, Murhe Painaa Sydäntäni, E.K. Anderson)
1. Here in this foreign land, my soul, Is weighed by grief profound; As waves of sin around me roll, And seek to drag me down.
2. But let’s remember while we’re here, In Jesus’ wounds to stay; So on our desert journey drear, We shall not go astray.
3. Those wounds of His were opened up, For us on Calvary; Oh, how immense His love for us, Great sinners, you and me.

4. There was no power that could hold, Our Bridegroom in the tomb; Nor could the flames from hell that rolled, His mighty Love consume.
5. Down in the depths of doubt and fear, That little flock was swept; When they believed their Master dear, Had been destroyed by death.
6. But precious were the tidings which, The children heard amazed; Prepared while Jesus from their midst, Was absent for
7. On Emmaus road the Lord drew nigh, And on the way began; The written word to clarify, So they might understand.
8. By hunger overcome the Lord, Sat down to eat with them; And as He often done before, He broke the bread again.
9. Oh, dearest Jesus, still give heed, To children when they pray; And when they hunger still proceed, To feed them on the way.
10. Thus Heaven’s Gates were flung ajar, When for our sake He died; So by His sinless death we are, Now fit to go inside.
11. No tongue can tell how beautiful, Our Home above will be; Where with each other Bride and Groom, Can dwell eternally.
264 Away, Away Now Rings The Call
(Trans: No. 127 Pois, Pois Jo Kuuluu Kutsumus, E.K. Anderson)
1. Away, away now rings the call, Away from this strange land; Away from cares and griefs that pall, To joy and glory grand.
2. How beautifully rings the voice, That summons us from here; “Oh, come to everlasting joy, Away from sorrow’s sphere.”
3. But what is this before me that, Now thunders without cease; it is the river on which death, Conveys me into peace.
4. Beyond that river now appear, The shores of sweet repose; That lovely land which Father dear, Through grace on us bestows
5. It’s beauty by this tongue of mine, Can never be expressed; Though by it’s sweetness oftentimes, My soul is here refreshed.
6. The cross no longer there appears, There cares can not disturb; Our eyes are never filled with tears, And sighs are never heard.
7. The tears which here we shed so long, Are dried by Jesus there; Who sets us ‘mong the Angel Throng, To carol praise fore’er.

8. How sweetly there the voices ring, As tongues compete in praise; When purchased flocks begin to sing, Their glad triumphant lays.
9. Oh, may my heart be evermore, With righteous ones disposed; To carol praises to the Lord, For grace on us bestowed.
10. My strength is now declining fast, My body growing weak; But through His grace the Lord at last, Will take my soul to keep.
265 O Let Thy Cross Triumphant Glow
(Trans: No. 170 UL, Kirkasta Ristis Voittoa, E.K. Anderson)
1. O let Thy cross triumphant glow, Cause sorrow’s clouds to vanish; No other comfort do I know, When on the way I languish.
2. Thou help the weary ones to rise, And strengthen those exhausted; When danger all around us lies, We are not left forgotten.
3. For Thou art able with Thy hand, Amid distress to shield us; So that Thy Love we’ll understand, To Golgotha Thou lead us.
4. Where sacrificial blood divine, Was shed for sins atonement; And in that sinless heart of Thine, Deep mercy wells were opened.
5. All of our sins have now been tossed, beneath the bleeding river; Deep in the sea forever lost, So praise to Thee be given.
266 Where Is The Place In Which
(Trans: 12 UL, Missa On Se Paika Missa, E..K. Anderson)
1. Where is the place in which the frigid bosom will dissolve? Where is the place in which the stubborn breast will burst with Love? Where can blind unseeing men, have their sight restored to them?
2. Where can the mournful consolation in distress obtain? Where can the wounded conscience find a remedy for pain? Where can crippled men begin, to walk on their feet again?
3. Where can the naked get a robe to hide his nakedness? Where can the helpless soul discover peace and happiness? Where can paupers wealth obtain, and the stupid wisdom gain?
4. Where’s food for those who hunger and abundant nourishment? Where’s help for those who falter, where is the soul’s refreshment? Quenches that thirst while we here, travel through this wilderness.
5. True answers to these questions every sinner now receives; When at the Mount Golgotha nailed upon the cross he sees; Bridegroom Jesus crucified, bleeding wounds all opened wide.

6. There’s where the stony heart will break and frigid bosom thaw; There’s where our purchase price was paid with which we now can draw; Close to Father reconciled, kind and loving to His child.
7. There’s where the wretched, troubled, ones do nourishment obtain; There’s where oppressed and tempted ones are rescued from their pain; And no longer can death show any power over us.
8. Since Jesus, Lord of Life, has risen from the tomb of death; And once for sin He died and now is living in His strength; To His side He will receive, children who in Him believe.
267 That Word Is My Assurance Strong
(Trans: No. 131 UL, Niinpä Se Sana Todistaa, E.K. Anderson)
1. That word is my assurance strong, That soon at Home I’ll be; For Jesus will not tarry long, But quickly come for me; There ever on those things I’ll gaze, That I believed in here; And drain salvation’s cup in praise, Of my Redeemer dear.
Chorus: Home, Home My Beloved Home; No place on earth so fair can I find; As that dear Home of mine.
2. My Jesus dwells in Sion Land, My gracious Lord Divine; Who suffered death in my behalf, And paid this debt of mine; If earth such beauty could display, As Sharon’s vale of yore; I still would yearn to come and stay, With Thee forevermore. Chorus:
3. My song will soon be heard no more, upon this fleeting earth; Since kindled with desire for, Eternal life I yearn; God’s Chariots will soon descend, To take us all away; So into them we’ll stop and then, Go soaring Home to stay. Chorus:
268 It Came Upon The Midnight Clear
1. It came upon the midnight clear, That glorious song of old, From Angels bending near the earth, To touch their harps of gold, “Peace on the earth, Good will to men From Heav’n’s all gracious King;” The world in solemn stillness lay To hear the angels sing.
2. Still thro’ the cloven skies they come, With peaceful wings unfurled; And still their heav’nly music floats o’er all the weary world. Above it’s sad and lowly plains They bend on hov’ring wing, And ever o’er its Babel sounds The blessed Angels sing.
3. For lo! The days are hast’ning on, By prophets seen of old; When with the ever circling years, Shall come the time foretold; When the new Heav’n and earth shall own, The Prince of Peace their King, And the whole world send back the song, Which now the Angels sing.
269 While Shepherds Watched Their Flocks By Night
1. While shepherds watched their flocks by night, All seated on the ground; The Angel of the Lord came down, And Glory shone around, And Glory shone around.

2. “Fear not” said he-for mighty dread, Had seized their troubled mind; “Glad tidings of great joy I bring, To you and all mankind, To you and all mankind.”
3. “To you in David’s town this day is born of David’s line, The Saviour who is Christ the Lord, And this shall be the sign; And this shall be the sign.”
4. “The Heav’nly babe you here shall find, To human view displayed, All meanly wrapped in swathing bands, And in a manger laid, And in a manger laid.”
5. Thus spoke the Seraph – and forthwith, Appeared a shining Throng, Of Angels praising God who thus; Addressed their joyful song, Addressed their joyful song.
6. “All Glory be to God on high, And to the earth be peace; Goodwill henceforth from Heav’n to me, Begin and never cease, Begin and never cease.”
270 Away In A Manger
1. Away in a manger no crib for His bed, The little Lord Jesus lay down His sweet head; The stars in the Heaven looked down where He lay, The little Lord Jesus asleep on the hay.
2. The cattle are lowing the baby awakes, But little Lord Jesus no crying He makes; I love Thee Lord Jesus look down from the sky, And stay by my cradle ‘till morning is nigh.
271 Silent Night, Holy Night
1. Silent night, Holy night, All is calm, all is bright, ‘Round yon Virgin Mother and Child; Holy Infant so tender and mild, Sleep in Heavenly peace, Sleep in Heavenly peace.
2. Silent night, Holy night, Shepherds quake at the sight, Glories stream from Heaven afar, Heavenly host’s sing Alleluia, Christ the Saviour is born, Christ the Saviour is born.
3. Silent night, Holy night, Son of God, Love’s pure light, Radiant beams from Thy Holy face, With the dawn of redeeming grace, Jesus Lord at Thy birth, Jesus Lord at Thy birth.
272 O Little Town of Bethlehem
1. O little town of Bethlehem, How still we see thee lie, Above thy deep and dreamless sleep, The silent stars go by; Yet in the darkness shineth, The everlasting light; The hopes and fears of all the years, Are met in Thee tonight.
2. For Christ is born of Mary, And gathered all above, While mortals sleep the Angels keep, Their watch on wondering Love; O morning stars together, Proclaim the Holy birth, And praises sing to God our King, And peace to men on earth.
3. How silently how silently, The wondrous gift is given, So God imparts to human hearts, The blessing of His Heaven; No ear may hear His coming, But in this world of sin, Where meek souls will receive Him still, The dear Christ enters in.

4. O Holy Child of Bethlehem, Descend to us we pray, Cast out our sin and enter in, Be born in us today; We hear the Christmas Angels, The great glad tidings tell, Oh come to us abide with us, Our Lord Emmanuel.
273 O Come, All Ye Faithful
1. O come, all ye faithful, Joyful and triumphant, O come ye, O come ye to Bethlehem, Come and behold Him, Born the King of Angels.
Chorus: O come, let us adore Him, O come, let us adore Him, O come, let us adore Him, Christ the Lord.
2. Sing choirs of angels, Sing in exultation, Sing all ye citizens of heav’n above: Glory to God In The Highest, Glory! Chorus:
3. Yea, Lord we greet Thee, Born this happy morning. Jesus, to Thee be all glory giv’n. Word of the Father, Now in flesh appearing. Chorus:
274 The First Noel
1. The first Noel the angels did say Was to certain poor shepherds in fields as they lay: In fields where they lay keeping their sheep On a cold winter’s night that was so deep. 
Chorus: Noel, Noel, Noel, Noel, Born is the King Of Israel.
2. They look-ed up and saw a star Shining in the east beyond them for, And to the earth it gave great light, And so it continued both day and night. Chorus:
3. And by the light of that same star, Three Wise Men came from country far, To seek for a King was their intent, And to follow the star wherever it went. Chorus:
4. This star drew nigh to the northwest. O’er Bethlehem it took its rest, And there it did both stop and stay Right over the place where Jesus lay. Chorus:
5. Then entered in those Wise Men three, Full rev’rently upon their knee, And offer’d there in His presence, Their gold and myrrh and frankincense. Chorus:
275 Joy To The World
1. Joy to the world! The Lord is come; Let earth receive her King; Let ev’ry heart prepare Him room, And heav’n and nature sing, And heav’n and nature sing, And Heav’n, and heav’n and nature sing.
2. Joy to the world! The Saviour reigns; Let men their songs employ; While fields and floods, rocks, hills and plains, Repeat the sounding joy, Repeat the sounding joy, Repeat, repeat the sounding joy.

3. No more let sin and sorrow grow, Nor thorns infest the ground; He comes to make His blessings flow Far as the curse is found, Far as the curse is found, Far as, Far as the curse is found.
4. He rules the world with truth and grace. And makes the nations prove The glories of His righteousness, And wonders of His love, And wonders of His love. And wonders, and wonders of His love.
276 Hark! The Herald Angels Sing
1. Hark! the herald angels sing, “Glory to the new born King! Peace on earth, and mercy mild, God and sinners reconciled”. Joyful, all ye nations, rise, Join the triumph of the skies; With th’ angelic host proclaim, “Christ is born in Bethlehem.” Hark! the herald angels sing, “Glory to the new born King!”
2. Christ, by highest heav’n adored; Christ, the ever lasting Lord; Late in time behold Him come, Offspring of the favored one. Veiled in flesh, the Godhead see; Hail th’ Incarnate Deity. Pleased, as man with men to dwell, Jesus our immanuel! Hark! the herald angles sing, “Glory to the new born King!”
3. Hail! the heav’n born Prince of Peace! Hail! the Son of Righteousness! Light and life to all He brings, Ris’n with healing in His wings. Mild He lays His glory by, Born that man no more may die: Born to raise the sons of earth, Born to give them second birth. Hark! the herald angels sing, “Glory to the new born King!”
277 Lustrous Morning Star Of Christmas
(Trans: 284 UL, Jouluaamun Kirkas Tahti, E.K. Anderson)
1. Lustrous morning star of Christmas, Guides the shepherds to the stall; Leads them to the new- born infant, Makes their chilly hearts dissolve.
2. Infant Jesus melts our spirits, Into singing hymns of praise; As to us who here revere Him, Heaven’s glories He displays.
3. Jesus thus was made so humble, In the stall of Bethlehem; That the lowly bride hereunder; To His breast would dare descend.
4. Herod on his throne is seeking, Infant Jesus now to slay; But the Angels watch are keeping, Give the word to move away.
5. Herod then sends forth to render, Death to Bethel’s little ones; Mothers weep as they surrender, To the sword their precious sons.
6. Then to God Himself is given, A mighty Christmas gift from here; When these little Bethel children, Home in gloryland appear.
7. With those innocents the Father, Then rejoices in the sky; And forgets His one begotten, Here upon the cross to die.

8. To the temple then the babe-ling, In His mother’s arms is borne; To fulfill the law prevailing, Is presented to the Lord.
9. There old Simeon commences, Praising God as he beholds; Infant Jesus whom he blesses, And against his breast enfold.
10. For the downfall and the rising, Of His people He is sent; And for righteousness a sign which, Much shall be declared against.
11. To the Lord then spoke the Ancient: “let thy servant go in peace, Since my eyes have seen my Saviour, I am ready death to meet.”
12. Here a treasure of great richness, As my own I now possess; When through faith the blessed infant, To my frigid heart I press.
13. For His presence I am eager, Homesick feelings fill my heart; When I see my own Redeemer, I am ready to depart.
278 Oh, What is There That Can Divide
(Trans: No. 40 UL, Ken Taitaa Minua Eroittaa, E.K. Anderson)
1. Oh, what is there that can divide, My Bridegroom’s love from me; By which to be His own dear Bride, He has betrothed me?
2. No hunger, peril or distress, Nor sword of foeman grim; Can frighten me, if I confess, His Name and follow Him.
3. So firmly now on this I trust, That life cannot erect; A barrier to sever us, Not even death itself.
4. But by the way of death this road, To Glory carries me; And only there I can behold, My Bridegroom perfectly.
5. No height or depth encountered here, Can make me go astray; For through obstructions that appear, The Lord will lead the way.
6. Since faith in me He has begun, He will complete it too; And with the Glory Crown He won, He will adorn me soon.
7. Believing in forgiveness of, My sins, secure I roam; Expecting callers from above, To come and take me Home.
8. They’ll give the word for me to move, Away from sorrow’s Inn; Eternally beside my Groom, To carol praise to Him.

279 Oh Now How Beautiful You Are
(Trans: 299 UL, O Kun Nyt Olet Ihana, E.K. Anderson)
1. Oh now how beautiful you are, the Bride of Jesus dear; Besides your Bridegroom standing at, the wedding altar there.
2. Arrayed in all the splendor of, your silken wedding gown; With palm leaves in your hand upon, your head a golden crown.
3. Your troubles soon were ended and, the sorrows of this land; When borne to Bridegroom’s bosom at, the wedding of the Lamb.
4. Where you could join the chorus of, the joyful thanking throng; To play and carol in your turn, the Saints thanksgiving song.
5. Today a new refrain you sing, your heart is light and gay; For from your eyes the teardrops were, completely wiped away.
6. When Bridegroom warmed your frigid breast, with rays of Love divine; And made you get completely drunk with Love’s Celestial Wine.
7. Because you now have safely reached, the blessed golden shore; Believing sins forgiven in, the bloodshed of the Lord.
8. The turtle dove is caroling, in summer air today; Although her breast was often chilled, by storms along the way.
9. Your journey in this vale of tears, is ended now fore’er; To dear ones here you bid farewell, and leave them in God’s care.
10. Until to sound of trumpets calling, from your grave arise; When all of us will meet again, at Home in Paradise.
280 Why Be Sad, O Soul Of Mine, Precious
(Trans: 287 UL, Miksi Suret Sieluni Kallis, E.K. Anderson)
1. Why be sad, O soul of mine, precious, Why repine so mournfully? Thy Celestial Friend with His mercy, Will adorn and care for thee; Since thy crown is safely in Heaven, Thou canst carol there with glee.
2. And thy Friend from Heaven doth ever, All His little ones defend; As the Sun in midst of His children, He doth shed His light on them; For the voice of joy must be heard from, The abodes of righteous men.
3. Thou wilt suffer sorrows no longer, When thy Bridegroom greeteth thee; And enfoldeth thee to His bosom, So at rest thy soul can be; When with joy thy heart overfloweth, Thou canst praise Him thankfully.

4. There’s no need to carry thy burdens, Thou the Lord’s beloved Bride; For they once by Jesus were carried, So at peace thou canst abide; Thou adorned with radiant Glory, Thou the Bridegroom’s Blessed Bride.
5. Be assured, my soul, that believers, Have their sins forgiven them; And though blackness seemeth enormous, Yet the Sun will shine again; In it’s rays my spirit can carol, That acceptable thus I am.
6. So today in faith I keep gazing, On my Bridegroom’s Love and then; See the infant bay as He slumbers, In the stall of Bethlehem; We can also be little children, Though the brain doth oft’ rebel.
7. Once of yore the greatest of sinners, Hastened to Gethsemane; There the Bride’s transgressions He carried, Letting her henceforth go free; Thou with Bridegroom’s radiance clothed, Thou His Bride eternally.
8. Little flock abide now protected, Thou His honor-bearers here; To bedeck thy head, thy beloved, With thy crown will soon appear; Thou adorned with Heavenly Glory, Thou, the Bride of Jesus Dear.
281 Jesus Is My Companion
(Tune: 80 UL, Jeesus On Matkakumppanini)
1. Jesus is my companion who, Goes with me on my travels; Although I was so very lost, Yet He did not abandon.
2. He knows how weak His children are, And hastens to assist them; “Oh come back from the world so dark, And by the hand I’ll lead thee.”
3. Come that my pains may have reward, Come to the Heavenly marriage; On paths of sin remain no more, Nor in the things that vanish.”
4. O Jesus dearest Bridegroom mine, What can I safe repose on? Thy grace is offered all alike, Believers they are chosen.
5. I do not strength enough possess, The proper way to serve Thee; Oh, do not weary of me yet, But still my crown preserve me.
6. And unto Thee who hurries now, While here for mercy begging; Is clothed in a silken gown, And taken into Heaven.
7. My load of sin it weighed me down, My every joy was lacking; But in that place at last I found, That grief had changed to gladness.
8. What could that place so blessed be, Which freed me from my bondage? It cause my soul to rest serene, Brought peace upon my conscience.
9. There off from me my burdens fell, Beneath which I’d been toiling; My bonds they opened of themselves, Which set my heart rejoicing.

10. Oh blessed cross and grave as well, To Thee yet greater praises; For Thou hast done it all Thyself, The work I wholly failed in.
11. And thus on Heaven’s way we walk, In land of Home arriving; Since Jesus came to help He’ll not, Leave even me behind Him.
12. So praises, praises, Jesus dear, To Heaven I’ll be taken; Because at home I’ll soon appear, Amen on that I’m saying.
282 One Year Full Of Grace So Precious
(Trans: 296 UL, Uksi Kallis Armon Vuosi, Paul Kasberg)
1. One year full of grace so precious, Once again is ending now; What we have so long lamented, Maybe soon will be fulfilled.
Chorus: Then so freely, All the Heavenly birds go flying; To that New Land, Where great joy is overflowing; To our, Bridegroom, Echo thanks forever.
2. Little flock, we’ll leave here and, May enter Homeland all secure; Together then in gentle breezes, Praises to our Bridegroom sing. Chorus:
3. On this journey we all hurry, Those redeemed by our Dear Lord, By His mercy, the way is clear now, Hurry, Bridegroom, now arrive. Chorus:
4. Now this year of grace so precious, Ye sinners on the pathway dark; Our Redeemer’s blood so precious, With your feet ye trample here. Chorus:
5. Here there are so many torments, Still for those of Jesus’ own; But then toils will all be ended, As we enter our New Home. Chorus:
6. Now we have, Oh, mercy’s children, A brand New Year ahead of us; it’s beyond the stream of death, Awaiting for us to arrive. Chorus:
7. Once we see our wondrous New Year, We will never count our days; There begins a brand new year, That never ever knows an end. Chorus:
8. Many friends in faith already, Celebrate their great reward; In the New Year up in Heaven, With the Bridegroom evermore. Chorus:
9. Waiting here the travelers, Still a little while believe; Bridegroom’s year of celebration, Is not far ahead of us. Chorus:
10. Soon appear the marriage coaches, Facing forward as we go; Then to see the Bridegroom’s face, So radiant with His Love for us. Chorus:
11. Then the Bride will know her gloom, Will be dispelled forevermore; When the air of celebration, Melts the frost away fore’er. Chorus:
12. The Bridegroom then Himself will welcome, Bearing a crown within His hand; And placing it upon the Bride’s head, Together enter the Wedding Hall. Chorus:

13. The Bride is dressed in gown so new, And altogether snowy white; With a crown that’s Oh, so brilliant, By the Bridegroom Glorified. Chorus:
14. So it is, friends on this journey, The Bridegroom does remind us here; Now redeemed by His own blood, We’re betrothed in time of grace. Chorus:
15. Chirping all the little swallows, To the Bridegroom sing their thanks; Mercy’s satisfied their hunger, Joined together by His Love. Chorus:
283 Oh, In That Blessed Kingdom
(Trans: No. 103 UL, Ah Autuasten Maassa, E.K. Anderson)
1. Oh, in that blessed Kingdom, On the shores of Glory Land; The tears of all God’s children, Are dried by God’s own hand.
2. All those who here keep striving, In faith until the end; Are crowned in land of triumph, With a living diadem.
3. My feet I now have planted, Upon the path of peace; And pray that strength be granted, Until the end I reach.
4. On the path of life surrounded, By cares I walk oppressed; But at the living fountain, My spirit is refreshed.
5. Here now through fields of sorrow, This cross of mine I bear; But know that on the ‘morrow, I shall repose from care.
6. I praise God while I struggle, Amid distress and strife; Since Jesus for the troubled, Has earned eternal life.
7. And so, dear brothers, sisters, We are assured through faith; That in the wounds of Jesus, We are forever safe.
284 When Can I Go To Gaze
(Trans: 106 UL, Koska Ma Nahda Saan, E.K. Anderson)
1. When can I go to gaze, On my dear Bridegroom’s face; Yonder in Heaven where, All is complete fore’er.
2. Then will my bosom ring, When the sun’s rays begin; Warming my heart all day, Melting the frost away.
3. When the dark stream of death, Shall be behind me left; Spotless and clean I’ll be, Clothed in purity.
4. There on my head I’ll wear, A crown that is bright and fair; Which will be given by, My peerless Groom Divine.

5. Also a precious ring, I shall receive from Him; Then under palm leaves tall, Into the Wedding Hall.
6. I shall go marching in, Anthems of praise to sing; Always and evermore, Hosanna! Praise the Lord.
7. Then my poor soul will be, Able eternally; Rapture and peace to share, With all the Angels there.
8. This is my wish sincere, My final hope down here; In this sad land below, Valley of grief and woe.
285 To God’s People Yet is Offered
(Trans: No. 208 UL, Herran Kansalia On Vielä, E.K. Anderson)
1. To God’s people yet is offered, One repose that lasts fore’er; In that peaceful Kingdom yonder, There is bliss beyond compare.
Chorus: Now in Canaan, land of plenty; Tree of Life is blooming gently; Rest is waiting for the weary; There on Jordan’s other side.
2. Jesus places palms of triumph, In the hands of those oppressed; When they dwell with God in Sion, Who can rob them of their rest? Chorus:
3. Pain and care are gone forever, Restlessness and agony; Days of sorrow cannot enter, There is joy eternally. Chorus:
4. Death is vanished with its horror, Sin with all its grief has fled; Peace and victory in Glory, Evermore abide instead. Chorus:
5. There is bliss no tongue can utter, At the side of Jesus where; Sainted multitudes unnumbered, Praises unto Him declare. Chorus:
286 Oh The Sun’s Going To Shine
1. Oh the sun’s going to shine and the bells will ring, He will take all the children in His arms; We will dance, we will shout, we will praise Him and sing, That’s the day our life will start.
2. So let’s comfort each other, be cheerful and gay, We know Jesus is coming to take us away; And the sun’s going to shine and the bells will ring, On the day Jesus carries us home.
287 Amen, My Salvation
1. Hold me Jesus don’t let go, I am weak my mind is slow; He will never let me go, Amen, my salvation.
2. Jesus died upon a tree, So that I could always see; That star is there to guide me, Amen, my salvation.

3. Any goodness in my face, Stem not from me not from my place; But from Jesus who is grace, Amen, my salvation.
4. Jesus, Jesus hold my hand, Let me hear Thine Heaven’s band; Block my ears to tunes on land, Amen, my salvation.
5. Guide me through this wicked life, When I do wrong, cause me strife; Jesus, be my bridegroom, wife, Amen, my salvation.
6. Let me sing just songs of joy, With praise to God my tongue employ; Help me speak in truth of joy, And of my salvation.
288 One Day All Of God’s Children
1. One day all of Gods’ children, Will be lifted to the sky; There we will meet our Jesus, His arms wide open are; He will lead us on to Heaven, Right thru that Golden Gate; There all will be rejoicing, Oh! I can hardly wait.
2. Let’s keep our Jesus precious, He has done so much for us; Without Gods’ Love and Mercy, We surely would be lost; So let us keep believing, Jesus died for all our sins; In His death we won the victory, So that we can live with Him.
3. All around us we fund sorrow, False doctrines fill the air; They seem to have a promise, But my children please beware; For Christ is not divided, All in one piece is He; Gods’ Word tells us so clearly, Of one Spirit and one God.
4. I will be so happy in Heaven, I will sing and dance around; There I’ll see all of God’s children, Each will wear a shining crown; Don’t trade this Home so spacious, For the worldly pleasures here; Keep Gods’ Word – Oh so precious, It will keep you on the path.
289 Lift My Eyes To The Gate Of Thy Heaven
1. Lift my eyes to the gate of Thy Heaven, And away from the turmoil below; So much better the new earth and Heaven, Than this valley of torment and woe.
Chorus: Lift my eyes, Lift my eyes, To the top of Mount Zion; I’m longing to see the Lamb upon the throne.
2. When the family of Lot fled from Sodom, They were warned not to look back at all; But his wife turned to see the destruction, And became just a pillar of salt. Chorus:
3. All the joys of this world are so fleeting, And the pleasures are shallow at best; But the Heavenly joys we’re awaiting, Will be endless for all of the Blest. Chorus:
4. Any tears that are shed by the worldly, Merely dry up into earthly dust; While the tears of the Heavenly journey, Are preserved in a bright golden cup. Chorus:

5. Look on high in the grace of the Father, See the sweet Lamb upon Heavens’ throne; By the things of this world be not bothered, For this strange land is not out Home. Chorus:
290 The Pace Of Life Goes Faster Here
1. The pace of life goes faster here, The time of Grace grows shorter; Look to the One who saved us here, Hang on to your Lord Jesus; Hang on to your Lord Jesus.
2. So many times dark clouds appear, I feel so weak and weary; but I must keep forever near, The shining face of Jesus; The shining face of Jesus.
3. No deeds of mine can I boast of, To earn all Heaven’s treasures; This all was bought on Calvary, By the blood of my Lord Jesus; By the blood of my Lord Jesus.
4. With songs of thanks we carol here, This gives my heart great pleasure; To thank my God for giving to me, His Son – my dear Lord Jesus; His Son – my dear Lord Jesus.
5. All of one mind Gods’ children are, One hope and one true Spirit; No other place can Peace be found, But in the wounds of Jesus; But in the wounds of Jesus.
6. In my new Home I’ll rejoice for’er, Like happy birds all singing; Forever gone these worldly cares, Thanking my dear Lord Jesus; Thanking my dear Lord Jesus.
7. That joyous day is drawing near, So let us all be ready; All dressed in Jesus righteousness, I’m Home with my dear Jesus; I’m Home with my dear Jesus.
291 There Are Days Here On Earth
1. There are days here on earth, Seem so worthless and long, As I wait for my Heavenly Home; Then the sunshine of hope, comes to brighten my way; Stay with me Child of God; Stay with me.
2. Soon the sadness and longing, Will change into joy, And the sorrows will vanish away; When in Heaven our hearts, Overflow in the joy; Stay with me Child of God; Stay with me.
3. Oh the sunshine of hope, Is so close within reach, As our Jesus extends us His arms; He is here by my side, When I need Him the most; Stay with me Child of God; Stay with me.
4. He has washed all our sins, And each day is anew, So is that not enough for us all? Yet the trials that we have, Seem so endless at times; Stay with me Child of God; Stay with me.
5. There’s a day coming soon, When our Jesus appears, And He’ll gather the ones who believe; To a mansion prepared, By our Lord for us all; Stay with me Child of God; Stay with me.
6. And so why do we care, When this time seems so long, For in Heaven eternal is joy; Oh how sweet are the words, That He whispers so near; Stay with me Child of God; Stay with me.

292 The Fold Where I’m Being Cared For
1. The fold where I’m being cared for, Is warm, secure and fair; Because it is my Jesus, Who is the shepherd there.
2. He herds me in so closely, There is no room to roam; Through this lands’ stormy weather, He herds me toward Home.
3. My wounds He does take care of, With tenderness and love; No wonder I am yearning, To be with Him above.
4. As long as through my life here, Gods’ covenant I keep; On that last joyous morning, I’ll be among His sheep.
5. Who else would just accept me, Through faith just as I am; Who else but my dear Jesus, Would call me His white Lamb.
6. When ever sheep He’s carried, Over the mount of doubt; He’ll close the gate of Heaven, Locking the Satan out.
7. Then his gnashing teeth can’t reach me, His wiling ways in vain; For I’ll be safe in Heaven, Ne’er to return again.
293 Oh, Child Of Sorrow, Child Of Woe
1. Oh, child of sorrow, child of woe, Never from your faith let go; For Jesus is your guiding light, His promise is eternal life.
2. My Jesus suffered just for me, Though wretched sinner I might be; He will come soon and set me free, My Jesus suffered death for me.
3. Oh, Jesus keep me on Thy way, Some day with You at Home to stay; The way here seems so very long, We wait to sing that final song.
4. The final song that has no end, In peace at last we my commend; Our souls to God who gave us life, Away from worldly storm and strife.
5. My faithful Father, thanks to Thee, For out of all you’ve chosen me; To come and dwell in that new Home, And never, ever more to roam.
294 In Jesus Is All That We Need
1. In Jesus is all that we need, Forgiveness and grace every day; A fountain still flows from His wounds, For children who thirst on the way.
2. Believers here sing of His love, Waiting for Heaven we so long; Tho we are His children so weak, He is our strength and our song.

3. In Jesus is all that we need, And even a sigh He can hear; And sometimes of Heaven we taste, That wonderful fountain so clear.
4. In Jesus is all that we need, In Him in unspeakable joy; Through trials in faith we rejoice, Believing in Him is our joy.
5. In Jesus is all that we need, Assurance of hope He provides; When Jesus within us He dwells, Our footsteps to Heaven He guides.
6. In Jesus is all that we need, A shelter, a light as we roam; His fountain – a pathway of grace, Through faith soon His own will go Home.
295 When The Worldly War Goes Raging On
1. When the worldly war goes raging on, Children of God sing a new song; Their voices raises toward the eastern sky, There awaits the Bridegroom for the Bride.
Chorus: Oh come my Bridegroom, come today, Come take your lonely Bride away; This land is strange, the air so cold; My heart now yearns for Heaven and Home.
2. Oh Bride of Christ your wedding gown, Of pure white silk is ready now; The wedding feast which has been all prepared, And the wedding guests will all be there. Chorus:
3. When trumpets sound the wedding call, And music fills the wedding hall; Then Bridegroom brings His lovely dear Bride in, All the wedding guests will start to sing. Chorus:
4. The song they sing will know no end, The day begins eternal then; Then all these earthly troubles, cares and doubts, And the sin that tempts will be left out. Chorus:
5. When Home at last the Bride arrives, And with her Bridegroom by her side; Then many tears of joy her eyes will shed, As to Gods’ great altar she is led. Chorus:
296 When Here My Faith I Keep Confessing
1. When here my faith I keep confessing, The unbelief is irked indeed; Yet in my heart how I’m rejoicing, That Jesus conquered Satans’ creed; I find I’m holy, pure and blest, oh Lamb of God within Thy death.
2. If I should try my sins to settle, That brought Thee Jesus to Thy grave; That God forever has forgotten, Since by Thy blood the price was paid; Then all for nothing Thou hast died, And for atonement sacrificed.
3. Exhausted then in faithless doubting, A slave in Tyre I would be found; Mocking my Lord, His death and sorrow, In chains of darkness I’d be bound; Ah, no, Thy blood more precious here, My blessedness, my Bridegroom dear.
4. If for my Lord I have been created, And for my Lord am purchased too; If this Thy Spirit to me is granted, Also the Testament that’s new; Then surely I’m a Child of God, I am the Bride and Thou the Groom.

5. Indeed I faltered and broke my promise, I wasted all, I lost my share; So long Thy mercy I rejected, So long I ran, denied Your care; My sin is great, it’s like a flood, But greater is Thy power of blood.
6. Oh this my blessedness, my fortune, Thou are my life, my very breath; So what could hinder this Thy purchase, Since I am surely in Thy death; I’m cleaner than the heaven’s too, More delicate than God’s eye, that’s true.
7. If always I would cry in anguish, And conscience stricken suffer so; And sigh in endless groans and languish, Thy blood so dearly bought with woe; I’d overlook – and then Thy pain, Thy death and suffering – all in vain.
8. Then I would murder my own spirit, My soul how dreadful that would be; I’d trample low Thy blood, Thy suffering, That would be utmost infamy; For then I would the killer be, Though by Thy blood I am redeemed.
9. I’d scorn election, Thy Holy choosing, Thy help Oh God, Thy counsel – all; I’d tremble then, within Thy presence, To Satan’s utter joy – my fall; I’d stand against Thy blood, Thy pain, Thy death, Thy victory, and Thy gain.
10. So let my soul then burn in hell fire, And be, Oh horror, forever lost; Better to be unborn, unknowing, Than deny Thy blood its’ awesome cost; Oh guard me Lord, from this I pray, Without Thy help I’m lost this day.
11. But no, hells’ fire cannot contain me, Oh thanks to Thee, Thou Lamb of God; When on the cross Thou fully clothed me, In raiment pure of righteous cloth; It’s done, It’s done, It’s really done, My Father is the God above.
12. Then may the mountains break asunder, The land all flood, and all the skies; And may the hell fire roar like thunder, And death come nigh before my eyes; My Jesus I belong to Thee, And we are one eternally.
13. Away with sin, with death – perdition, I even mock the power of hell; So stay now Satan in your own oven, My Lord redeemed me from there as well; I am within His lap of Grace, Come, try to steal me from that place.
297 Thank Thee Lord For Everything
1. Thank thee Lord for everything, Thank thee Jesus for loving me; The spirit of truth from Father above, Tells me I’m not an orphan child.
2. To be in Jesus and Him in me, Gives me joy eternally; The tears I shed here on my way, Multiplies my faith each day.
3. With a sharper than a two edged sword, I battle the rebels of this world; Up to the hills I lift my eyes, The Lord lives there and hears my cry.
4. From Him only comes my help, Even the coldest heart will melt; Troubles of this world will disappear, I can leap for joy and cheer and cheer.

5. In Father’s house there awaits for me, A beautiful crown of victory; My cup runneth over then I’m sure, When I see my gown, snow white and pure.
6. Glory to God on the highest I’ll sing, When the Royal wedding begins; Bye-bye world with all your wars, I will sing when the Bridegroom calls.
7. In a living vine I am only a sprout, But the raging winds can’t jerk me out; My roots reach down to the heart of the tree, The heart that is bleeding life for me.
8. The Lord prepared a table for me, Right in the midst of my enemies; The body and blood of Jesus Christ, Is the way and the truth and the light of lights.
298 A Great High Priest In Heaven We Have
1. A great high priest in Heaven we have; With a prayer in heart I thou will ask; My Jesus take me from here away; I trust thou will take me all the way.
2. The time will come when we depart; Above the stars and far beyond; Up through the golden skylight way; And through the Heavenly mansion gate.
3. There The God, The Father and The Son; Will welcome believers as they come; There in His bosom we’ll find rest; We’ll be praising God with all the blest.
4. The sun, The moon we shall not see; The nights forever have ceased to be; Our God, The Father and The Son; Will be the light for the ransomed one.
299 As Each New Day Begins On This Troublesome Earth
1. As each new day begins on this troublesome earth, I can face each new trial with a smile; For I know that my Father still cares about me, And He wants me to be his Dear Child; Oh dear Father hold on to me, Oh so close, Do not let me slip out of your arms; For I need your strong arm to keep me in faith, What a joy, I can be a Child of God.
2. I am so slow to thank you for all you have done, When I was made so pure by your Son; My desire is to love you and keep your Word true, For I want to stay as your chosen one; Keep the light shining bright so my poor eyes can see, That new home that awaits there for me; But, I need your strong arm to keep in faith, What a joy, I can be a Child of God.
3. Seems so strange that from all you found favor in me, For I feel so unworthy and low; But with love you found Grace for a sinner like me, Gave your Word as a guide for me to know; When the signs show this journey is nearing its’ end, let it bother me, no not alt all; But I still need your strong arm to keep me in faith, What a joy, I can be a Child of God.
4. So each new day I will take, just one step at a time, For tomorrow may not come at all; What a feeling of joy to have peace in my heart, With no fears when I hear that final call; Then I’ll know the true feeling of being your Child, All the barriers will be broken down; Then I won’t need your strong arm to keep me in faith, What a joy, I will be a Child of God.

300 Come, Let Us Sing Together
(Trans: No. 147 UL, Yhdessä Nyt Laulakaamme, Sylvia Niemi)
1. Come, let us sing together, And praise our Jesus dear; For bringing us so safely, Through this cold journey here.
2. He carries us, His children, Throughout this wilderness; Until we reach the harbor, Where heavens home will bless.
3. Although this world is raging, The children sing along; That soon for us is ringing, The golden wedding song.
4. And then at trumpet’s sounding, How gladly we will leave; With this dark world behind us, No reason then to grieve.
5. Although our tears of sorrow, Must often fall down here; They will be dried forever, When Jesus does appear.
6. Then ushered into Heaven, Through shining pearly gates; How precious then the glory, And crown which there awaits.
7. And Oh, the lovely singing, In rapture heavenly; The Bride will hear this music, At Home eternally.
8. Then even I can praise Him, With heart all filled with thanks; His shining crown upon me, And palm leaves in my hands.
9. Although I am but nothing, By standards of this earth; At Home I’m known as precious, By my own Bridegroom’s worth.
10. This world looks down upon me, Ignores my lowly state; But Jesus is our treasure, And our reward is great.
11. Once more let me advise you, To follow Jesus Christ; Those bleeding wounds are open, In them is peace and life.
12. From those deep wounds are flowing, His mercy rivers wide; And we will gain the Vict’ry, By staying at His side.
13. So brother, sister dearest, No longer be in doubt; Since Jesus has already, Our glory brought about.
14. And He will guide this journey, Be with us to the end; And nothing else is needed, But Jesus dear, our Friend.
301 Come My Dear Father, Come Get Me
1. Come my dear Father, come get me, My heart is so heavy and I’m lonely; Sorrows and burdens weigh me down, I want to wear my golden crown.

Chorus: Father, dear Father hold my hand, Lead your dear child to that Holy Land; There I can sing and thank you right, For this precious gift of Love and Life.
2. Here, I must stay as a little child, Obey and believe in your Word so true; Oh, what a comfort it is to know, That you will protect and love me so. Chorus:
3. Oh what a joy it will be to see, Your beloved ones who will come greet me; When I arrive at that Golden Shore, Laughter and gladness for ever more. Chorus:
302 Flowers So Beautiful
1. Flowers so beautiful, snow white and pure; Are the children of God rejoicing down here; Nurtured by the sunshine of your never ending love; Watered by the raindrops of your Grace from above.
Chorus: Growing in the garden, your promise so true; Trusting in your Word that you’ll carry us through; Let your Word to us always, Be the guiding light; That will guide us through, Through the darkest of night.
2. As we travel on this journey often in fear; Hold onto our hand and always be near; So that we don’t falter, or be led astray; Spare us from temptations of this world we do pray. Chorus:
3. Dear Jesus, the children are waiting down here; For the day when on a white cloud, you’ll appear; Then blessed be the day when at home we arrive; There the Bride and her Bridegroom will be at her side. Chorus:
4. There, safe from the devil, this world and its cares; In our home in Heaven that Lord Jesus prepared; No strangers or troubles will follow us there; Only Gods’ little children this great glory will share. Chorus:
303 Come Soon My Bridegroom
1. Come soon my bridegroom to take away, Your lonely bride from this land so strange; My journey here, it seems so long, My days of waiting, Oh so lonesome.
Chorus: Let the warm breeze blow, soft and gently, Your Holy Spirit, love divine; To warm this heart so cold within me, From cares and doubts to set me free.
2. When clouds of doubt here darken my days, Let your Mercy sunshine cast golden rays; So that Satan with cunning ways, Can’t lead your blessed child astray. Chorus:
3. Father so gracious, watch over me, So I don’t get lost on this journey; Keep me under your wings of Grace, So warm, secure and always safe. Chorus:
4. O Bless me here, your child so weak, And teach me always your Grace to seek; Guide my footsteps as I journey here, So home at last, I shall appear. Chorus:

304 Here Often I Am Frightened
1. Here often I am frightened, As on this stormy sea; My ship doth journey homeward, On waves that threaten me; But, I still have my Jesus, And He has promised me; He’ll guide my ship home safely, And He’ll never forsake me.
Chorus: So children always remember, The price that has been paid; Put your trust in the will of the Father, And keep praising your Saviour’s name.
2. Sailors sailing homeward, We need not doubt or fear; On this ship we have a helmsman, he’s my Jesus, Oh so dear; He’ll quiet the storm and tempest, Troubled waters He’ll make still; So keep your faith in Jesus, And trust in the Fathers will. Chorus:
3. My journey soon will end here, The homeland port draws near; When the ship in the harbor doth anchor, then the wedding bells I’ll hear; There life’s cares, worries forgotten, This world I’ll remember no more; God’s children will be rejoicing, In their homeland forevermore. Chorus:
4. In God’s Peace children I leave you, Today, as I bid you farewell; One day up in Heaven I’ll meet you, In that new land forever we’ll dwell; Where all God’s children are gathered, To sing their sweet songs of praise; Praising our God and our Saviour, Who was sacrificed for our sins. Chorus:
305 Help Me Dear Father, Keep Me Straight
1. Help me dear Father, keep me straight, I need your help to keep my Faith; The devils are so many down here, They point out my faults and sins so clear.
2. I need your help to chase away, Doubts that will tend to lead astray; I can not walk this road alone, I need your help to get me home.
3. Disobeying child, I know that I am, I can’t fulfill not one command; I just don’t know what I would do, If I could not depend on you.
4. Thank you, Dear God, for giving to me, Your Holy Spirit so I can see; Through it, I will know right from wrong, A helpmate on this journey so long.
5. God’s chosen ones should always know, Why trials and sorrows beset them so; The devil is always there to remind, Of short-comings, faults and sins of all kinds.
6. I’ll not let this devil tire me so, I’ll tell him, to get, “I belong to the Lord”; I’ll take each day, one step at a time, I don’t want to lose this Home of mine.
7. Oh Child of God, let’s be happy now, Stand firm and defending the Word of God; It won’t be so long, when we can depart, From all that is here, a world so dark.
8. I pray to you, Dear Father above, Forever keep me in your tender love; Teach me and guide with your Spirit true, I want nothing else, but to be with you.

306 In God’s Care I Feel So Free
1. In God’s care I feel so free, And comfort in His Peace I find; Enlightenment, enlightens heart; In God’s Peace does Love abide.
2. Hope and prayer within my heart, In knowing Jesus finds His own; Enlightenment, enlightens heart; In God’s Peace does Love abide.
3. Beside still waters He will lead, The Lord, my shepherd be my guide; Enlightenment, enlightens heart; In God’s Peace does Love abide.
4. Jesus gave His life for me, Eternal joy someday will be; Enlightenment, enlightens heart; In God’s Peace does Love abide.
5. Rejoice and happy let us be, Secure in Jesus’ loving care; Enlightenment, enlightens heart; In God’s Peace does Love abide.
307 Hold On, Hold On To The Love Of Our Lord
1. Hold on, hold on to the love of our Lord, He has promised forgiveness, He’s given His Word; Though the way seems so troubled, so rough and so hard; Hold on, hold on to the Love of our God.
2. Young mothers and fathers keep God in your heart, And His Word to your children be sure to impart; For the times getting troubled, the times getting hard; Hold on, hold on to the love of our Lord.
3. He is always beside us to carry us through, All you do is believe, He will stay here with you; Just accept Him and love Him, keep Him in your heart; And we’ll reach that great homeland, no more to depart.
4. Oh it hurts to see ones that you love go astray, And you wish you could set their feet back on the way; But it’s up to each person not to let go; Of this faith in the Father that carries us home.
5. Hold on, hold on to this love of our God, He’s forgiven our sins through the blood of His Son; We must hold on to Jesus anew every day; And He’ll love us and keep our feet straight on the way.
6. Oh young people hold on to the love of our Lord, Though the world offers pleasures and beckons you on; Just remember that you are the temple of god; He loves you, don’t drag His Name down in the mud.
7. Hold on, hold on to the love of our Lord, For we’ll soon face the anger of this world; For when we are believing the world can’t forget; There is hell waiting for them unless they repent.
8. Hold on, hold on to this love of our Lord, He will carry us home, He has given His Word, We will soon reach our homeland, that beautiful shore; Just hold on, hold on to the love of our Lord.

308 In Everything Give Thanks To God
1. In everything give thanks to God; He knows our thoughts and He is good; His ways are higher than we know; Give thanks to God, He loves you so.
2. No greater shall our burdens be; Than we can bear and Jesus knows; When burdens seem too great to bear; In love and mercy He does care.
3. In gladness and in sadness too; Our Jesus shows the way for you; And in His goodness He does show; The love that all believers know.
4. Though see of life may stormy get; No matter what the day may bring; Still here on earth a moment yet; Give thanks to God and praises sing.
5. The glory of His Son will shine; When Jesus calls, “Beloved mine!”; Believers, Oh what joy will be, In Heaven soon eternally.
309 Here I Feel Just As A Clump Of Clay
1. Here I feel just as a clump of clay, Thoughts of this busy life, race through my mind; Then with spirited eyes, I can see a race, That will end far away, in a Heavenly Place.
2. With eyes so dim, I see the finish line, I keep racing on – until the end I find; My heart and my feet, they seem oh so light, The end of my race, is pretty close alright.
3. I have won! I have won! I can freely shout, When the end of this race, has come about; I’m confident of winning as the Spirit is my guide, Keeps me racing down the middle, do not look to either side.
4. At the end of this race they can put this clay, Right back into earth, forever there to stay; God will take back the soul He put in me to live, Thank God, he has kept it, so a winner I can be.
5. With impatience I wait, to reach the finish line, A Victory so great, on this earth I’ll never find; Thank you Father in Heaven, for giving your Only Son, Who made the Victory possible, for every single one.
310 In God’s Peace Dear Brothers, Sisters
(Tr. No 34 Song of Believers; Tune Rock of Ages; Herran Rauhaan Veljet, Siskot)
1. In God’s peace dear brothers, sisters, Now secure we do depart; The parting moment could be here, Hopefully this very eve; But if in this world so dark, Not to meet each other here; We’re assured that home above, We will meet in joy and love.
2. Often times this worldly journey, Tears of sorrow blind my way; Seems as tho’ I am too weary, To continue on the way; But my Jesus lights the way, Guides my journey every day; That me eyes can see the way, Through the dark and bitter tears.

3. Satan with his wiling ways, Could deceive me many ways; To follow him in sinful paths, Jesus dearest, keep me fast; Should I stumble on the way, My dear Jesus will carry me; Lights the road on Heavens path, Saviour Jesus made the way.
4. I have nothing of my own, To put forth before Thy throne; For the sake of righteousness, Only what my Jesus did; He is my pathway and my life, He’s the truth each day and night; Thanks to Thee, my God above, For this precious gift of Love.
5. And when Heavens home we reach, Singing praises to the Lord; Song of thanks will echo then, Joy in Heaven then begin; Then our sorrows will be gone, As we knew in world below; Tears will then be wiped away, The heavy cross will be laid down.
6. In Zion’s land will echo soon, My song of thankfulness to Thee; Even tho’ in this dark world, This tongue of mine is slow to thank; In Heaven happiness will reign, We will never part again; My reward I will receive, On my head a crown is pressed.
7. To confess the name of Jesus, Have the courage, children dear; Battle one more moment children, Soon we’ll hear the wedding song; Angels playing joyfully, Beautiful it is to hear; My name also will be called, Do come Home, my blessed child.
8. Either young or poor in spirit, At no time is the demand; Be ye ever ready children, To accept the wedding call; Come, my Father’s blessed one, Maimed and troubled weary child; To receive your blessed crown, To receive your victory.
9. Jesus dearest, be my shield, Keep your portal open wide; For this tired weary child, To your rest I want to come; With your food of grace divine, Hunger will be satisfied; I pray I ever stay in Thee, Stay Thou ever within me.
311 It Is Indeed A Wonder
1. It is indeed a wonder, Also a precious thing; That even I so humble, Can be a child of God.
2. On the road of sin I traveled, In fear of death within; But by Lord Jesus merit, I now enjoy Gods’ peace.
3. One day Lord Jesus will call me, By my name to enter in; To Heavens Glory with Jesus, To dwell at home for’er.
4. There is no time to tarry, Am always ready here; Am sure Lord Jesus will know me, by the way of my sweet smell.
5. The tears of longing Lord Jesus, Will dry my eyes that day; A crown of righteousness beauty, On my head the Lord will press.
6. In the book of life is written, My name recorded there; For I am one of the blessed, And to Heaven I will go.
7. There I will not be ashamed, Among the Angels throng; And Jesus will embrace me, With His arms close to His breast.

8. There I’ll not ever remember, That I was ever weak; That I even ever doubted, Do I have any faith at all.
9. Again Lord Jesus we praise Thee, For giving courage too; So each morning on to the nighttime, In faith I drag along.
10. And from the nighttime into morning, I sleep in such sweet peace; And onto a Grace of a new day, Ye awaken me again.
312 Jesus Is My Friend Most Precious
(Trans: 201 UL, On Jeesus paras ystävani)
1. Jesus is my friend most precious, Comforts children when they grieve; Not a one will He abandon, Who upon His Name believe.
2. Precious is this faith dear children, It revives us on the way; So we will not tire in battle, Praise unto our God we say.
3. Come ye trembling ones and fearful, In His mercy house to swell; Jesus drives away all panic, Gives you peace of soul as well.
4. How this loving friend desires, Blessedness for everyone; Righteousness comes by believing, On Jesus Christ, God’s Holy Son.
5. Believing all our sins forgiven, All atoned within His blood; In His love He calls us homeward, Troubled souls come home to God.
6. Gives us yet a crown of victory, Brightly shining! Oh how fair; And His righteous wedding garment, Is the robe believers wear.
7. Here upon this earthly battle, How my spirit sighs for peace; Stay and fight a little longer, Soon our hope is realized.
8. In firm hope we still will linger, In this wilderness to fight; Soon we’ll see, oh happy moment, Our redeemer’s face so bright.
313 In This earth There Is No Peace
1. In this earth there is no peace, Trouble, grief will never cease; And our Jesus seems so very far away; All we have to do is call; And He was not far at all; He is there to calm the troubled strife of day.
2. Oh a longing fills our breasts; For that great eternal rest; When our homesick tears no longer from us flow; He does not forget we’re weak; And might sometimes fall asleep; And we need His guiding hand where e’re we go.
3. For the roaring lions wait; For someone to take the bait; So they can devour a simple child of God; Look neither left nor right; But keep firmly in your sight; That cross that’s glowing brightly red with blood.

4. Oh the darkness of the night; Often hides home from our sight; And we dare not walk for fear that we may fall; But take hold of Jesus’ hand; He will lead us to that land; Where we’ll rest in God’s eternal blessed day.
5. Like a bird up in the sky; Up towards Heaven we will fly; When our Jesus comes to take us all away; Where at last we’ll find our nest; Where in safety we can rest; In the shelter of our gentle Father’s love.
6. In that life eternally; We will praise Him constantly; And the love of God will shine from every face; He will bring His children home; And we’ll stand before the throne; And blessedness we all will praise His name.
314 Lift Your Heads, Ye Weary Ones
(Trans: No. 24 Songs of Believers; Nostakaa Te Väsyneet; Sylvia Niemi)
1. Lift your heads, ye weary ones, Lift your heads already; Soon in Heaven will begin, Your great golden wedding; Now the faintest-hearted one, Can believe in rapture; Sees his name is written there, In the new book’s chapter.
2. Every land and every tongue, Every tribe and nation; Is invited on this road, Of the soul’s salvation; Only one condition here, Confess that Name most precious; Jesus Christ our Lord so dear, Hearts’ true shield and fortress.
3. There’s no time for questions now, Wisdom we’re discerning, Ever ready is the Bride, For her Bridegroom yearning; For our God already had, Studied and confirmed it; That the children on this road, Share His Holy Spirit.
4. Comes our exodus from here, There’s no farewell meeting; We’ll forget this world of care, The new one we’ll be greeting; Let’s rejoice upon the way, Sing about His promise; In the hope of Glory day, Even while they mock us.
5. Hear, oh dearest Jesus now, The weakest childrens’ voices; Praises I would sing to Thee, How my heart rejoices; Oh, I wish to place my arm, Around Thy neck, my Jesus; In Thy victory I’m so glad, Singing Amen, Jesus.
6. Often here my lowly soul, Wants to join the praising; Of that lovely angel band, As I’m Homeward gazing; But this world which is so bad, Raging like a tempest; Wants to drown the melody, And the words I’d bring Him.
7. But when finally comes the end, Of this old world’s raging; From this strange land we’ll be gone, On the new one we’ll be gazing; Mountains will come crashing down, Hear the children singing; See the chariots coming down, Home the Bride they’re bringing.
8. Then a great inheritance, There awaits the children; Where no drafting can enlist, Brothers into warfare; Oh, the floor is made of gold, And there is no anguish; Angels there will wait on us, Saved, we’ll never languish.

9. Empty then our graves will be, Empty altogether; From the clouds He’s calling me, And all of us together; “Come, ye blessed of the Lord”, Into Glory call Her; Gathered there are only those, Chosen of the Father.
10. Then at Heaven’s altar great, Starts the glad communion; In the center is the Lamb, A Jubilee reunion; The sacrificial Lamb of God, For the children given; Was prepared to meet with death, Brings us life and Heaven.
315 Oh, Battle Host Of Zion
(Trans. No. 20 UL; Siionin Sotalauma, S. Niemi)
1. Oh, battle hosts of Zion, Hasten Thy Lord to see, how on the cross He suffers, Enormous agony; His love so great undying, Is flaming constantly, Though weighted down in sorrow, And sweating blood for thee.
2. Still brightly shines His banner, A pennant bleeding red, The lovely Rose of Sharon, Is blooming overhead; he rose a King victorious, To battle on the cross, His wounds, the vict’ry symbols, A life for all the lost.
3. Still praying here for mercy, beneath the awesome tree, On which our Jesus suffered, And died in agony; His holy wounds are open, Ever a fountain free, Where sorrowing repentants, newness of life receive.
4. Although we bear corruption, Which weighs the spirit down, Upon the cross is vict’ry, Lift up thine eyes, my soul; The ripened wine-red berries, Our Lord Himself has crushed, prepared the wine of Heaven, The serpents head He crushed.
5. Oh, may His holy vineyard, Bear fruits abundantly, And tethered be the foxes, Who hate the living tree; Oh, may the showers of mercy, From Jesus’ bleeding wounds, Still fill the heart that’s thirsty, And save us from our woes.
6. A wondrous land is ready, For the children of God’s peace, Within the living wine tree, For humble souls in need; ‘Tis there we warble praises, To Jesus for His deeds, While gazing on our Home-land, Purely through grace received.
316 Now The World Stand In Awe
(Trans. No. 258 UL; Ja Nyt Maailma Katselee Ja Ihmettelee; Sylvia Niemi)
1. Now the world stands in awe as it looks at us, At this tree ever turning green; How the weakest of branch starts to put forth buds, So the sprouts of new leaves can be seen; And then, when the sunshine warms our hearts, The fruit on the bough is born.
2. Soon this beautiful tree all a blossoming, Will be gathered to Heaven above; When a soft summer wind comes a whispering, With that wonderful message of love; Then we’ll all be removed from this wilderness, Leaving only the beasts below.
3. Oh, just listen, how soon sounds the wedding march, For the children a jubilee; There’s no time now to wait for the dearest friend, Of this world, for it’s time to leave; And we sing as we go, Oh, farewell to this earth, For soon we shall not be seen.

4. Now the times are the best for the child of God, For the ones who on Jesus believe; And just wait out a moment, they will still improve, The reward of your faith you’ll receive; Then the joy is immense, it cannot be told, but I know it will satisfy.
317 Shining Jewels Of God
1. Shining jewels of God, We are scattered awhile; On this earth that is not our home; We’ll be gathered on day, In a beautiful way, And the angels of glory will sing.
Chorus: A believer is home, A believer is home, Not on earth but in Heaven is Home.
2. We are sprinkles of love, In the midst of the world, All believers are waiting for home; Yet in Jesus we’re safe, In the wilderness here, Soon the greetings from Heaven we’ll hear. Chorus:
3. We are candles of light, In a world that is dark, Oh believers how precious we are; Now the way of the world, Is so drenched full of sin, Soon our Jesus will call us and then. Chorus:
4. Though in faith we are weak, And just stumble around, On this earth that is roaring so loud; We are saints on our way, To a glorious day, And in faith we are waiting the time. Chorus:
318 The Shining Star Of Faith Still Speaks To Me
1. The shining star of faith still speaks to me; Still clearly calls, Oh come to Bethlehem; I’ll follow it, For there so wondrously; I hold the Child, God’s precious gift I see.
Chorus: The shining star did show the wise-men three; Where to find the lowly Jesus dear; Glory to God for that first Christmas night; That even I could find that shining light.
2. Oh shining Star! Your radiant beams ignite; My lowly heart to singing hymns of praise; Thanks be to God, The angel song so light; Still echoes as on that first Christmas night. Chorus:
3. The shining Star of Christmas in my soul; Still lights my way although the night is dark; The faith He gave has made my spirit whole; Oh shining star, I will attain my goal. Chorus:
319 Oh Listen Young Ones
(Trans. No. 119 UL, Oi kuulkaa, Nuoret; Sylvia Niemi)
1. Oh, listen young ones, Jesus still is calling; Searching the wilderness for all the fallen.
2. Oh, stand and listen, Hear your Jesus speaking; Offering His love and mercy still unceasing. 3. Now shepherd calls you, Harken to His pleading; Open your hearts to His still open, bleeding.

4. He, from your slavery, Wants to free and help you; Breaking the chains of death by His death for you.
5. All of your sin wounds, He will heal in His wounds; There sweet refreshment will once more revive you.
6. So at the altar, Gather now to praise Him; In His dear blood is sins entire atonement.
7. Look up to Jesus, On the cross now bleeding; There you will find the perfect power of healing.
8. Who begs for mercy, Clinging unto Jesus; Upon His longing heart this blood is sprinkled.
9. Oh young ones, listen, Starting on life’s journey; Take the Name of Jesus with you as your refuge.
10. And ever struggle, Watchful, faithful, waiting; Then at the end your victory crown is waiting.
320 When Can I Sing That New Song
1. When can I sing that new song which has no end, Where we’ll know of just one tune, and the words will never end; When can I sing that great love song to my God, Who has given me great cause to rejoice; When God calls me I’ll peacefully fall into sleep, no more cares of this world will cause torment to me; On that last day when this earth has spent it’s turn, I can fly away to Heaven like a bird.
2. Come, let us sing, all our cares and tears away, let our hearts be light and gay, let’s give glory to our God; In song, let’s give thanks for the love He’s shown to us, When He sacrificed His Son for all our sins; Keep the sufferings of Jesus forever in mind, Let’s not trample the footsteps He walked, just for us; let this Light shine so brightly within your heart, So the world can find the peace in this great love.
3. I must pray to God, on each day that I arise, keep my feet upon the way, keep my Faith so I don’t stray; Some days seem so dark, God seems oh so hard to reach, Then His Spirit will come preaching of this Love; He has promised to care for a sinner like me, he’s forgiven my sins, in Him, I must believe; It’s all been said before, but let’s sing of it once more, How our Jesus died and set all sinners free.
4. Sing children, sing, give all glory to our God, Keep His Word a precious thing, let Him guide you to the end; Sing children, sing, for we are the chosen ones, That will live forever in that Home above; In God’s Peace and contentment we’ll all be enfold, God’s great family reunion will start to rejoice; So sing, children sing, to our Triune God above, Give Him thanks for choosing even one like me.
321 I Am Only A Troubled Traveler
(Trans: No. 273 UL Minä Olen Yksi Kiusattu Kulkija)
1. I am only a troubled traveler, In this world of sin and woe; But from Heaven I have a blessing great, So I can sing through my troubles here.

2. Although I am poor and good for naught, And so overlooked by all; But in Heaven I have a blessedness, That brightens my journey here.
3. I feel only weakness of faith down here, Begging for grace from Thee; But peace and mercy will ever belong, From Heaven for the poor and meek.
4. I am such a fortunate traveler, For from sins I am redeemed; By way of Jesus is the narrow road, That will bring me to my Home.
5. I sing amidst by trials and woes, And thank my Jesus dear; For giving me this blessedness, Undeserving though I am.
6. I shall not end my singing here, To my bleeding bridegroom dear; And then I will sing in Heaven when, My voice is stilled down here.
7. My ship of grace keeps sailing on, Through all the storms and strifes; One day this ship will anchor in, The golden harbor of Home.
8. Then will this weary and troubled one, With joy go flying on; When the word from Heaven beckons me, I am coming to get you Home.
9. During storms I keep on confessing here, The name of my Jesus Christ; By whose strength I can leave from here and go, To Jerusalem up on high.
10. The echoes of the thanking throng, Sing songs from Heaven above; We know that the shoreline is close at hand, For the waves are roaring so loud.
11. Now our ship of grace goes sailing on, Towards the Heavenly shore of Home; Soon it will reach that thanking throng, For the waves against us flow.
12. God’s children do not need to fear, Although the storm does rage; The tempest cannot harm our ship, When Jesus is the helmsman strong.
13. Now the world is playing and caroling, Our departure song from here; But the thanking throng is waiting for, The glow in the eastern sky.
14. Then the chosen ones will leave from here, When the sound of trump is heard; With the sounds of trumpets loud and clear, We will be raised from here.
15. Then the tired and weary traveler, Can go to eternal rest; And with eyes so clear and bright to gaze, On what he has believed down here.
16. We all will be gathered together then, Not one will missing be; We will be given a drink of wine, And never be sober again.
17. We will always sing that song of thanks, Enjoying it for evermore; We won’t have to leave those services, Just rejoice eternally.

322 My Journey Now Is Starting
(Trans: No. 180 UL, Nyt Joudun Mina Matkaan)
1. My journey now is starting, To Heaven I’m departing, Soon I’ll arrive up there.
2. Away from earth so vile, No sorrow, weeping, trial, In that new Homeland fair.
3. The door to Heaven opens, My soul in joy awakens, Leaving this dust behind.
4. Farewell, I now must leave you, I do not wish to grieve you, All of my loved ones, kind. 5. Rejoice with me in spirit, My grave is restful, quiet, Wherein they lay my frame.
6. And soon we’ll be together, To sing of vict’ry ever, In Glory, praise His name.
7. The song of triumph rings there, Unto the Lamb we sing there, The Halleluja hymn!
8. The Bride, her crown is wearing, The joy of Heaven sharing, By grace we enter in.
9. Her raiment pure and shining, Just as the sun is shining, In golden splendor there.
10. No sadness there can enter, No pain, no teardrops ever, Oh, land beyond compare!
11. The joy immense is sounding, In Heaven’s hall resounding, Unto the Lamb is praise.
12. Remember dearest Father, My loved ones here who wander, Yet for a little space.
13. In Thy great mercy lead them, And strengthen and uphold them, Keep them within Thy grace.
323 Oh What A Life And Oh What A Life (Trans: No. 264 UL, Elämä ja Elämä)
1. Oh what a life and Oh what a life, And Oh what everlasting life; Victory on earth and in Heaven too, When we have everlasting life.
2. The people gathered in Jesus have, The truly everlasting life; It starts right here, we taste it already, To go on in Heaven eternally.
3. What a life and what a life and, Everlastingly what a life; Praising and praising over yonder, Singing thankfully evermore.
4. Brand new Heaven and brand new city, In it’s brightness all shimmering; There Gods chosen in fullest glory, Openly praising o’er and o’er.
5. Not the joy and not the rejoicing, Can anyone all anticipate; Not the blessing and not the glory, Yet each soul it invigorates.
6. Here we need a brand new mind, Before at all we can comprehend; Also we need a spiritual voice, So that we can communicate.

7. From the start we’re in this blessing, It won’t end, never, evermore; Everlastingly in that place, Souls won’t be lonely anymore.
324 Am I My Brothers Keeper Here
1. Am I my brothers keeper here? We’re bound by the love of Jesus, pure, How wonderful it is to feel, My brothers love, through God, so real.
2. Like Daniel in the lions den, The wolves abound in this world of men; Though they attack me left and right, My God protects me by His might.
3. Let’s not fear the wolves, dear ones, They cannot harm us, the war’s been won; As a shield we have the words, Words of the Bible we have heard.
4. It’s all contained there what Jesus said, What Jesus promised, how He led; His children through dense wilderness, He’ll lead us too, to blessedness.
5. He’ll take us through the worldly storms, Without harm to the glorious morn; Where the sun will always shine, Where with Him forever we will dine.
6. When He presents to His Father there, All the children left in His care; Not a one will missing be, He carried them all to eternity.
325 This Little Ship Of Believers
1. This little ship of believers, Out on the darken sea; Are slowly sailing homeward, With their loving Father to be; The sea gets dark and stormy, Dark clouds roll all around; The children start getting worried, If the shoreland can be found.
2. They sit and wait out the tempest, Some hanging onto the edge; The waves are getting much higher, There is no time to rest; The children then gather together, Start battling for their lives; They call to their Heavenly Father, To show the guiding Light.
3. The Father hears of their pleadings, He knows they need His help; So who is sent out to guide them, No one but Jesus, Himself; The waves then slowly diminish, The sea becomes smooth as glass; This little ship of believers, Could see their Home, at last.
4. Now let me tell you what happened, To the ones that hung on the edge; Some fell in the water so stormy, And suffered eternal death; But, some fell right to the bottom, Of the ship where Jesus could find; There praying and asking forgiveness, They knew that death was behind.
5. So Jesus in tenderness held them, And put them back on the seat; He said, your sins are forgiven, As long as you’ll trust in me; Keep sailing on my dear children, The journey here soon will end; Then out of this ship onto shoreland, Your feet will be firmly set.

326 Oh The Burdens Of Life Are So Heavy
1. Oh the burden of life are so heavy, Seems as tho I am being weighed down; And the tears in my eyes make them blurry, I feel heartsick and want to lay down; Oh to lay in the arms of my Jesus, Where I’ll feel that I’m loved and at rest; Feel the warmth of His tenderness, mercy, And the five wounds that just for me bled.
2. My dear Jesus, you suffered immensely, You were mocked at and spitted upon; Oh you carried the cross that was heavy, With transgressions and sins of mankind; Here I feel that my cross is too heavy, But it’s nothing compared to your load; So forgive me for all the complaining, I need strength so your Child I’ll remain.
3. Keep me small so on you I must cling to, Guide my footsteps, each step on the way; To that Home where with you and our Father, There will tenderly care for and reign; Give me the strength to keep on believing, The true Word of God, my sure defense; And to own your great love and forgiveness, With love and fear, I must trust in God.
327 Come Sing Praises And Glory
1. Come sing praises and glory, when the flock is all gathered; For we’ll have our salvation, when this world is shattered; Awake all my brethren, hold fast to our Lord; For the devils sure knocking upon our front door.
2. We will suffer when we’re tempted, for there’s grief in the living; When we’re finally called Home, how we’ll rejoice at the wedding; No longer can we be blind to the world, around us; For ‘tis Sodom and Gomorrah which do now surround us.
3. If there was ever a time, for the sheep to be wary; Then at hand is the moment, for the wolves come so fiercely; Awake all my brethren, we’ll be with our Lord; Then no more will the devil knock on our front door.
328 I Seem To Hear A Joyful Sound
1. I seem to hear a joyful sound, I know it is not of this world; It’s the blessed children by the Throne, Of God rejoicing for their reward.
2. For Faith even less than a mustard seed, They received two-fold for their sins; There’s Grace upon Grace for the weakest one, And forgiveness for all who believed.
3. It won’t be so long when the Faithful can, Leave this world of misery; Join with Jesus and the chosen Ones, Celebrating our victory.
4. When we’re gone the devil surely can have, Our filthy clay for free; We will all be dressed in a wedding gown, All woven without a seam.
5. There soon will be a Home coming day, For the children who are redeemed; Our Faith and Hope we will then forget, And we’ll see what we have believed.

6. May the shining Light from Heaven above, Guide us all now on our way; To see the blood sprinkled foot prints of, And the one who blazed our trail.
7. When my tongue of clay will change to new, I will sing praises to my God; For He gave His Son so I can live, And became my staff and my rod.
8. If our corrupt ears would suddenly hear, One not of the Brides new song; We would turn into dust and never again, Hear one ugly sound of this world.
329 Warble, Warble Little Song Birds
(Trans: No. 155 UL, Visertakaa Pikku Linnut)
1. Warble, warble little song birds, Honor give unto the Lord; Praise Him for the life He gave you, Lift your voice in one accord; Chirp away, ye little fledglings, Creator still remembers Thee; Takes good care of all His buntings, Ever sparrow watcheth He.
2. Swallows found a place for nesting, And the dove a refuge free; Every small one has protection, And the weakest He doth see; Nestings find a perfect shelter, In the living wine-tree green; There they burst into His praises, There God’s goodness can be seen.
3. Northland wind blows cold and chilling, Brief is summer’s blossoming; Therefore yearns the little fledgling, For the land of eternal spring; Therefore waits the tiny swallow, For the wings to fully grow; Then to leave behind forever, All these sorrow valleys low.
4. Waiting for that glorious dawning, In the nesting tree abides; In that tree no hawk can spy him, In the leaves he safely hides; There no hunger can distress him, And no thirst can bring him care; Food and drink are ever present, Wine-tree berries feed him there.
5. With his snares and wicked trap lines, Waits the evil villain who; By his wiles would snare the swallow, Knows the sparrows precious too; There’s no need to fear his power, From his net the sting is gone; Parent broke the deadly snare line, Nothing harms us from now on.
6. Sing Creator’s flock of warblers, Hearts aflame with song so pure; Praise Him for His open love-wounds, Where the children found a cure; How the blood flowed from the Parent, As alone He fought the foe; In the wine-tree made the refuge, Where the little ones can go.
7. Sing ye flock of God’s own songbirds, Even though the summer’s brief; Soon we’re freed from this cold northland, From the struggle and the grief; Then for certain, without asking, Every breast will sing on high; Praises in that warming sunshine, As across this land we fly.
330 I’ll Leap For Joy
1. I’ll leap for joy and praise His Name, From earth to Heaven then I’ll go; No sorrow there the grief is here, No sadness there, I’ll praise His Name; I’ll praise His Name and leap for joy, The Lord Himself has said it’s so; God the Father and the Son, holy Spirit they are One.

331 The Thorns Of Temptation
(Tune: When Bells Above Calling Us)
1. The thorns of temptation press into my brow, My crown is a burden to wear; Oh I am so weak and I do not know how, To lessen the load that I bear.
Chorus: Come Oh Lord Jesus and carry awhile, This child so weak and so worn; Renew my faith so I can smile, And rejoice that I am reborn.
2. When doubts besiege me and plague me each day, And I seem so all alone; I call out His Name and He’ll light the way, I know it’s not far to my Home. Chorus:
3. The mountains are rocky, the path is not clear, I fall by the way on the stones; Dear Jesus, I know that You are here, To gather me up in Your arms. Chorus:
332 Dear Children I Must Go
1. Dear children, I must go, To that fair land above; I hear the call “come Home’, From God a call of love; I’ll leave you in Gods Peace, And in His living care; I hope to see you too, To share the glory there.
2. My pathway on this earth, Has been of faltering steps; But stumbling on my way, I kept my Jesus Christ; He was my very best friend, He carried me to the end; And now I can return, My bones back to the ground.
3. My God will welcome me, Into Heaven I can see; He’ll ask me what I’ve done, to claim this Heavenly Home; All I can say is this, Your Son’s the cause of this; He died to save my soul, To Heaven I must go.
4. Dear children, listen please, This world is not for us; Don’t let the devil tear, You from the arms of God; Gods children know the peace, And have the Word to know; Christ died for all our sins, We must believe it’s so.
5. So it is not so sad, When believers leave this land; Their life will just then start, And joy will fill the heart; This is how it was meant to be, Right from the start of time; The devil got between, Our loving God and man.
6. To leave you now, I must, With a prayer that you will trust; The Word of God so true, It will always comfort you; Cling to Jesus Christ your friend, He’ll see you to the end; On His Works you must believe, Heavens riches you’ll receive.
333 A Wondrous Ship For Us Is Built
(Trans: No. 241 UL, Laiva Se On Rakennettu)
1. A wondrous ship for us is built, By Jesus, our life-giver; On which the children sail along, Upon the mercy river.
2. This mercy stream began to flood, On Golgatha already; When our Bridegroom’s heart did bleed, Upon that long Good Friday.

3. Our load of sin was lifted there, Which we no longer carry; Every sin, both great and small, Was in atonement buried.
4. Our Bridegroom made the Testament, His Holy promise in it; Cancelled our whole debt of sin, By His own blood and spirit.
5. And on the masthead of this ship, You’ll see the name of Jesus; He, our pilot and our guide, Through every storm will see us.
6. Our adversary makes big waves, And threatens to destroy us; Yet our ship is safe and strong, With our own pilot, Jesus.
7. The way to Paradise by God, Was readied at creation, When of that Eden’s fateful tree, Forbidden fruit was tasted.
8. The faithless Eve did not obey, Commandment of the Father, But the serpent she believed, When his betrayal was offered.
9. Then from Heaven came the way, To rectify the damage; When God His only Son did send, To bring our souls salvation.
10. Of the Holy Spirit born, Descended from the Father; Jesus took our lowly form, And thus became our Brother.
11. Although He died, He also rose, The living God-head Holy; New life He gives to all of those, Who trust upon Him only.
12. So, let’s be joyful and let’s rejoice, In Jubilee’s attainment; Our Bridegroom rose up from the grave, To bring us shining raiment.
13. The mandate of the ship is plain, Our sins are all forgiven; Transgressions all are wiped away, And bonds of slavery riven.
14. By faith alone we enter in, By faith we stay within it; Our salvation work is done, And nothing more is needed.
15. On this ship there are no kings, No noted men nor strong ones; Only the smallest humble lambs, And only the poor and weak ones.
16. Our passport to this ship was stamped, Before all things created; Then on that Friday, long and dark, Was fully manifested.
17. Our compass is from God on high, Our course is right and steady; And so the children’s route is sure, To the celestial city.
18. That city sometimes through the mist, Appears to us already; Once in a while a shining glimpse, Will keep our pathway steady.
19. This wondrous ship beyond compare, Is the only one we trust in; As it sails o’er land and sea, The ark of God’s perfection.

20. A doctor is aboard this ship, Who heals the sick and stricken; The lame, the deaf, the blind, the mute, Are all assistance given.
21. There for the children is food and drink, And love-wine ever flowing; And when they get just a sip from it, Their gratitude starts showing.
22. There is our refuge and our strength, And there in sorrow, comfort; Our bread of life is pure, from God, Our drink is from the wine tree.
23. Through the storms and head-winds strong, We sail along though slowly; Our ship will enter into port, With precious cargo lowly.
24. There’s no force, no enemy, Can win in life’s brief hour; The holy trinity above, Endows us with such power.
25. The flaming anger of our foe, Is often hurled against us; To try to dim faith’s shining light, Which gleams so bright before us.
26. This ship will safely bear us Home, Across that last wide river; And then the Groom will bring His Bride, Before the loving Father.
27. This ship will one day anchored be, Upon a golden harbor; The Bridegroom then pins on His Bride, A lovely wedding flower.
28. And then the wedding will commence, Father officiating; The Bridegroom formed her gown Himself, Of spotless silk and satin.
29. And then begins the Jubilee, With seraphims resounding; The lowly bride that comes from earth, Will be befit for crowning.
30. So praises unto Jesus dear, To Him be laud and honor; When for my sake upon the cross, He was raised up to suffer.
31. So let us sing about our Groom, Already for our pleasure; And then in Heaven when we meet, Our rapture lasts forever.
334 God’s Son Came As A Spirit Here
(trans: No. 156 UL, Poika Tuli Henkenä Tänne)
1. God’s Son came as a spirit here, Was born a lowly mortal; Great were the changes He did make, Through Satan did resist Him.
2. Jesus Himself, the Saviour came, Down to earth from Heaven; To wash away with His own blood, The sins of all His children.
3. Those that heed the tender call, Of the shepherd’s voice that beckons; To them He will give new spiritual birth, And betroth them with His spirit.
4. For the Bride, did Jesus then, Prepare a Heavenly wedding; Therefore the pleasures of this world, Are only temporary.

5. So what is lacking from us then, When Jesus belongs to us only; Jesus is mine and Jesus is yours, He’s the road, the staff that guides us.
6. Often we are lonely here, When the stormy winds are raging; The currents that against us flow, Can’t harm the peace within us.
7. When the warm breeze from the Father, Lovingly embraces; And the bleeding Bridegroom’s wounds, Still as our sun is shining.
8. It matters not that I am only, Blackened dust and ashes; When gloriously from the King, The blessings keep on flowing.
9. Although I am a sinner here, In my own estimation; The betrothal is made, my sins are paid, In Golgotha’s bleeding river.
10. Still my heart gets comfort here, When I recall my fortune; And on occasion the Holy spirit, Reveals to me my glory.
11. Soon from here I’ll go moving on, To the celestial city; Farewell I’ll say to the world down here, And go to rest eternal.
335 It Is Indeed A Mercy Great Of Love (Trans: Se Ompi Suuri Armo Jumalan)
1. It is indeed a mercy great of Love, That even I can be a child of God; And just through Faith can enter Heaven’s Home, All by the work of Jesus Christ alone.
2. This ship of mercy bears me faithfully, It soon will anchor where my eyes will see; My blessed Bridegroom, my own Jesus dear, He wipes away the tears I carried here.
3. The Bride is ready in His righteousness, She soon will leave, she wears His wedding dress; Oh jubilee! Oh joy we then will share, With all the saints in Heaven gathered there.
4. When this old house of clay is stored away, So peacefully on mother’s lap to lay; Oh, blessed cross! My grave as well is blest, Wherein at last my tired bones can rest.
336 In Faith Together Children
1. In faith together, children, We hasten to the tree; To see our Saviour dying, For sinners, you and me.
2. His open wounds, now bleeding, To wash our sins away; And in His blood is healing, For sick ones gone astray.
3. He rose again victorious, On that blessed Easter morn; With death now conquered for us, Why should we fear life’s storms.

4. He opened Heavens Portals, And closed the gates of hell; To all who will now follow, The narrow road He led.
5. His banner high before us, He leads us on our way; The songs of angels reach us, Home is not far away.
6. He brings us to the Father, The children He did save; Not one is lost, My Father, I helped them all the way.
7. We join the angel chorus, Our voices raised on high; To thank our Blessed Saviour, Our song shall never die.
337 How I Wish My Arms Were Longer
1. How I wish my arms were longer, And I could embrace my kin; With this Faith in Jesus, precious, But I must depend on Him.
2. For He has the wisdom, holy, That I find I sorely lack; He will call them if they’re chosen, In His will, He wants them back.
3. Why, Oh why, then do I worry, There is nothing I can do; As a child believing in Him, He will keep His promised true.
4. Now, His promise that He’s given, To see all His children through; All the deep and trying troubles, That’s engulfing me and you.
5. I pray I will not lose sight of, From whence cometh all my strength; And the cross that Jesus carried, With His head and back so bent.
6. When my cross I feel gets lighter, And woes that my heart do rend; I look up and see in wonder, Lord Jesus on the other end.
338 Jesus Is My Friend Most Precious
(Trans: No. 201 UL, On Jeesus Paras Ystäväni)
1. Jesus is my friend most precious, Comforts children when they grieve; Not a one will He abandon, Who upon His name believe.
2. Precious is this Faith, dear children, It revives us on the way; So we will not tire in battle, Praise unto our God, we say.
3. Come ye trembling ones and fearful, In His mercy house to dwell; Jesus drives away all panic, Gives you peace of soul as well.
4. How this loving friend desires, Blessedness for everyone; Righteousness comes by believing, On Jesus Christ, God’s holy Son.
5. Believing all our sins forgiven, All atoned within His blood; In His love He calls us Homeward, Troubled souls come Home to God.

6. Gives us yet a crown of victory, Brightly shining! Oh how fair; And His righteous wedding garment, Is the robe believers wear.
7. Here upon this earthly battle, How my spirit sighs for peace; Stay and fight a little longer, Soon our hope is realized.
8. In firm hope we still will linger, In this wilderness to fight; Soon we’ll see, Oh happy moment, Our redeemer’s face so bright.
9. How unfathomed is this love gift, Our cold breast it will ignite; Burns within the children’s heart-lamps, Warmly melting, wondrous light.
10. In good courage let us praise Him, No matter how the world protests; Satan does not like to hear it, Have no shame, His name confess.
11. All our sorrows, troubles, burdens, Will be left behind one day; When the birds of summer flying, Reach their Homeland, there to stay.
339 Oh I Am Saved, I’m Ready To Go
1. Oh I am saved, I’m ready to go, My ship is waiting and ready; To go to the mansions in the sky, So let’s be prepared and ready; By ready then to say “Goodbye”, My fee was paid so long ago; By my Jesus very own blood, The call may come now day or night.
2. So climb aboard, get ready to go, To leave this cold, cold world behind; My baggage has very little weight, I go with no more than I came; So climb aboard, get ready to go, The call may come sooner than late; We do not know the time or place, When our earthly days may end.
3. So friend, do not stray from Gods Word, Hold fast, it will hold to the end; When all else on this earth should fail, We then will need no heat or light; Nor will there be a bill to pay, The Glory of the Lord is my Light; That will illuminate my way, Right up to that bright Golden Gate.
340 On The Road I Traveled
1. On the road I traveled and on the way I tarried, I was a chameleon and my load I carried; I went to the jungles to search for my soul, And there was no love unto which I could hold.
2. The way was so dark and I was so cold, And the wolves became so very, very bold; I became lost, there was no way to turn, And finally my heart for my Jesus did yearn.
3. In complete desperation, I began to cry, And my God above, He gave such a sigh; It is so dark and I’m so far away, I had nothing left so I began to pray.
4. Then I saw a brightness, the shining Light had come, God again reminded that He sent me His Son; My God, Oh my God I cried in despair, How could I have doubted you would not be there.
5. He gently rebuked me for what I had done, Then I recalled the burden He’d given His Son; He demands so little and I ask for so much, But a little child I am so peace comes at His touch.

341 Precious Seed Is The Word Of God
1. Precious seed is the Word of God, Tenderly nurtured here to grow; Flowers in Faith on Heaven road, Burst into bloom in Jesus love.
2. Often the winds of sadness blow, Gods’ little seedlings bending low; Lifted up with the Word of God, Burst into bloom in Jesus love.
3. Bright let the Light of Jesus shine, Tear no the petals on the vine; Beautiful blossoms all in One, Burst into bloom in Jesus love.
4. Vines here entwined in perfect love, Lift your eyes to Heaven above; Blossoms of God turned to the Light, Burst into bloom in Jesus love.
5. Flowers of God now shining here, Glow in the Light of Heaven near; Gathered so gently safe from harm, Burst into bloom in Jesus love.
342 I Am Only A Troubled Traveler
(Trans: 273 UL, Minä olen yksi kiusattu kulkija)
1. I am only a troubled traveler, In this world of sin and woe; but from Heaven I have a blessing great, So I can sing through my troubles here.
2. Although, I am poor and good for naught, And so overlooked by all; But, in Heaven, I have a blessedness, That brightens my journey here.
3. I feel only weakness of Faith down here, Begging for Grace from Thee; But, peace and mercy will ever belong, From Heave for the poor and meek.
4. I am such a fortunate traveler, For from sins I am redeemed; By way of Jesus is the narrow road, That will bring me to my Home.
5. I sing amidst my trials and woes, And thank my Jesus dear; For giving me this blessedness, Undeserving though I am.
6. I shall not end my singing here, To my bleeding Bridegroom dear; And then I will sing in Heaven when, My voice is stilled down here.
7. My ship of Grace keep sailing on, Through all the storms and strifes; One day this ship will anchor in, The golden harbor of Home.
8. Then will this weary and troubled one, With joy go flying on; When the Word from Heaven beckons me, I am coming to get you Home.
9. During storms I keep on confessing here, The name of my Jesus Christ; by whose strength I can leave from here and go, To Jerusalem up on high.
10. The echoes of the thanking throng, Sing songs from Heaven above; We know that the shoreline is close at hand, For the waves are roaring so loud.

11. Now our ship of Grace goes sailing on, Towards the Heavenly shore of Home; Soon it will reach that thanking throng, For the waves against us flow.
12. God’s children do not need to fear, Although the storm does rage; The tempest cannot harm our ship, When Jesus is the helmsman strong.
13. Now the world is playing and caroling, Our departure song from here; But, the thanking throng is waiting for, The glow in the Eastern sky.
14. Then the chosen ones will leave from here, When the sound of trump is heard; With the sounds of trumpets loud and clear, We will be raised from here.
15. Then the tired and weary traveler, Can go to eternal rest; And with eyes so clear and bright to gaze, On what he has believed down here.
16. We all will be gathered together then, Not one will missing be; We will be given a drink of wine, And never be sober again.
17. We will always sing that song of thanks, Enjoying it for evermore; We won’t have to leave those services, Just rejoice eternally.
343 Dearest Jesus, Bridegroom Only
1. Dearest Jesus, Bridegroom only, When will you come take me Home; I am here so cold and lonely, And no place to call my own; In Your House are many Mansions, Is there really room for me? Here I feel like in a stanchion, Longing for a summer breeze.
2. In my mind are many notions, And so little thought for Thee; With this world in such commotion, All around tempestuous seas; Still You Love me with such devotion, With Your Word bring sweet reprieve; When You calm the stormy ocean, And my fears You do relieve.
3. There’s no peace here in this strange land, But, what Thou hast given me; Oh, how sweet that with Thy loving hand, Thou hast lifted, set me free; I shall soon come Home rejoicing, Without looking what’s behind; With a new voice, a new song to sing, With Thee Jesus, friend of mine.
344 Mother, ‘Though In Weakness
(Trans: 204 UL, Äiti Heikkoudessaan, Isää Rukoilee)
1. Mother, ‘though in weakness, Pleads our Father’s grace; For her precious children, Mercy supplicates.
2. Mother, often sighing, Is in much distress; Children are denying, Saviour’s blessedness.
3. Mother’s earnest prayers, As the teardrops start; Lead our loving Father, To her children’s hearts.
4. Mother’s tears already, Should begin to burn, So that they would listen, For their Saviour yearn.

5. Mother’s anguished teardrops, Have been gathered up; Held by Holy angels, In a golden cup.
6. Mother’s hair of silver, Clearly does attest; Angels soon will greet her, Carry her to rest.
7. Mother from her sorrows, Then at last can rest; Heart no longer heavy, She is with the blest.
8. Mother’s sighs no longer, Can distress her there; Even for her children, No more tears or care.
9. Mother’s sleep is peaceful, In assurance strong; That our Father heard her, When she prayed so long.
10. She no longer suffers, From unworthiness; As she views her Bridegroom, In Heaven’s blessedness.
11. Sin no longer dwells there, Sorrow is erased; When the Crown of Glory, On her head is placed.
345 Now The Earthly Days Have Ended
(Trans: UL 297, Nyt on maisen matkamiehen)
1. Now the earthly days have ended, For this weary traveler; Up to Father’s home in Heaven, Angels came to claim the soul. There you hear no sounds of crying, No more sighs of silent prayers; All with joyful voice are singing, Praise and thanks to the Lamb of God.
2. In the bleeding wounds of Jesus, There always is security; Just believe our sins forgiven, All our faults and weaknesses. If the seas were rough and stormy, And our craft was tossed about; But, then it docks in that peaceful harbor, Reached in time to enter in.
3. If thru streams of grief and sorrow, You have often waded thru; Now your soul has taken shelter; In the warmth of the Bridegrooms arms. On the earthly side of deaths stream, Cares and worries are tossed ashore; When to that Heavenly joyful wedding, The Bridegroom comes, the Bride to take.
4. There from here, we will be moved soon, Us tired, weary travelers, too; Heavens trumpets will be sounding, And by name, we will be called. Then will all our sins and worries, From the mind forgotten be; Halleluja, we will sing then, With a new uncorrupted tongue.
346 Oh, Dear God, Keep Us Ready
1. Oh, dear God, keep us ready, And God keep us strong; For the ways of this world, Are wicked and wrong.
2. When a brother or sister, has fallen by the way; It hurts all of His Children, Who are in His Grace.
3. So, beware of false prophet, that lead you astray; Keep Gods Word in your heart, From this Faith never part.

4. The fruits of Believers, will shine in the dark; When the fruits are all gone, All that’s left is the dark.
5. Just believe in the Father, And stay in this Faith; Your reward in Heaven, Will come from His Grace.
6. Oh, dear God, keep us ready, And God keep us strong; For the ways of this world, Are wicked and wrong.
347 From The Mountain, I Saw A City Fair (Trans: UL 20, Minä vuorelta näen kaupungin)
1. From the mountain, I saw a city fair, A city most beautiful; But the river of death still ran between, That city, Jerusalem!
2. The people are striving to reach that land, On the shores of the river so deep; While there on the other side, the Groom, And the Bride, their own wedding keep.
3. The call still sounds, Oh, come and buy, Your ticket to cross the stream; Yet heedless the crowds keep surging in, Still thinking that they can swim.
4. I purchased my ticket and ran shore, And saw how the millions sank; So deep in the currents of their own strength, They died ‘ere they reached the bank.
5. I traveled within the valley then, In company of my friends; When out of New Salem, a ship sailed forth, I ran then to climb aboard.
6. Yet even before I reached the ship, My ticket was stamped “all paid”; I arrived at the wedding of the Lamb, And there I forever stayed.
7. On that shore there blooms the Tree of Life, Where the birds of eternity sing; The Bride and the Groom then eternally, With joy can go marching in.
8. I will not ever return from there, Forever in Heaven I’ll dwell; Farewell to my friends of this world below, Farewell to this earth as well.
9. My hope is that you will also come, To that city in Salem’s land; Come purchase your ticket, the price is paid, In full with the blood of the Lamb.
10. Oh, come yet today in the time of Grace, Come purchase your ticket, it’s free; And stamped with the blood that will carry you, To Salem eternally.
348 The Storm Clouds Are All Forming
1. The storm clouds are all forming, The day has just begun; But children, don’t you worry, For it’s soon that I will come; To take you Home to Paradise, you’ll be in my embrace; And never more to run this worldly race.

2. Just stay with me my child, I’ll leave you not alone; Hold tight unto my hand, For soon you will be Home; To join the angles singing praises ‘round my golden throne; And never, never more you’ll have to roam.
3. Be patient in my Word, Have courage and be strong; Don’t listen to the devil, He’s sure to lead you wrong; Stand fast, hold on, be not ashamed, You are my chosen one; For soon I’ll send my Only Begotten Son.
4. The bells in Heaven are ringing, I can hear them Oh so clear; Our resurrection day, Is very, very near; Confess your Faith, Give thanks to God, He is the only One; For soon our labors on earth will all be done.
349 This Path Of Life We Follow
1. This path of life we follow, Is filled with grief and fear; And often times we wonder, If our Homeland is near; But, let’s just follow Jesus, And keep His Word so dear; So the devil in his wiles, Can’t get us off of here.
2. When the storm winds blow their hardest, And we fear we’ll lose our way; Just look to the One who leads us, And follow in His way; Let’s follow those bleeding footsteps, Until the wedding day; They’ll take us Home to Heaven, Amen to that let’s say.
3. So why do we doubt and question, This Word is always the same; It has carried all the others, Who believed it all the way; For the Word of God has promised, And Jesus took the blame; So when we get to Heaven, We’ll be no more in shame.
4. Oh, Jesus, I beseech Thee, Come take us as soon as you can; For God’s children here are lonely, Down in this foreign land; but when we get to Heaven, With crowns we’ll be adorned; And we’ll drink from those living rivers, And never again be scorned.
5. But while we walk this journey, Let us in Faith remain; Follow the Word of God, So we cause this Word no shame; Because the Child of the Father, Went down to hell for us; Let’s keep this Word still precious, So He will carry us.
6. So if you should get tired, Don’t look for an easier way; Just ask for help from God, And He will lighten your way; This is what He has promised, To do for everyone; Who’s believing in Dear Jesus; This wonderful blessed Son.
7. We’ll be taken Home to Heaven, And share in this great reward; And we’ll sing before the Father, Oh what a wonderful Word; My Jesus I am ready, To come to see you now; I’m so lonely and forsaken, On this earth here anyhow.
8. There is no more I can say now, Except keep all you have; Stay on this road of Jesus, So a great reward you’ll have; And when we get to Heaven, All tears will then be dried; As we’re brought up by the Bridegroom, And we will be the Bride.
9. So Praises to our Father, And to our Jesus Dear; Thanks for this Holy Spirit, Who has walked with us down here; And when we get to Heaven, We’ll sing a beautiful song; To properly thank our Saviour, For taking us along.

350 We Are Blessed Little Children, Pure White Lilies
1. We are blessed little children, Pure white lilies God has chosen that He loves so dearly, Precious Ones—He’s given us His Son; Jesus shed His blood, and suffered death to save us from damnation; All God asks from us is that we will believe. Believe that Jesus died for us and will come on a white cloud; To gather up God’s Chosen Ones and take us Home to Heaven.
2. We are blessed little children, Do not take this Faith for granted, it’s eternal life in store for us—A life that lasts forever; Pray to Jesus for the strength to stay in Faith today and everyday; And God will give us power to believe. Believe in God, the Father, and His Son, our Saviour Jesus; Believe this Word and cherish it and look to it for comfort. You are blessed lovely Brethren, Pure white lilies God has chosen, Hold on just a little longer, One more day.
351 White Horses Will Be Marching
1. White horses will be marching, Soldiers beating drums; The war of Armageddon, Is soon about to come.
Chorus: Lift your heads already, Toward the Eastern sky; Jesus has a message, I am coming by.
2. So children, do not worry, I will be with you; Our Father, He has promised, He will see you through. Chorus:
3. The calendar of this earth, Is coming to an end; A brand New Year awaits you, On this you can depend. Chorus:
4. My servants I have chosen, To reveal my Word so true; I’ll never leave you stranded, For I have chosen you. Chorus:
5. Mighty words of Satan, Will then by shown to you; But, children don’t believe him, He’s trying to conquer you. Chorus:
6. My angels, I will send here, To help you on your way; So you will not tire, Before the final day. Chorus:
7. Your loving Home awaits you, With celestial beauty there; A jubilee enormous, With rapture everywhere. Chorus:
352 Again The Time Of Parting Has Come (Trans: UL 117, Nyt Eronhetki Meille)
1. Again the time of parting, Has come before us all; Home to the task of living, We must all depart.
2. Now, farewell, I must bid you, My brother in the Faith; In the care of Jesus leave you, Shielded from all harm.

3. Constantly with each other, We cannot always be; Beyond the river Jordan, Each other we will greet.
4. My hope, Oh friends, beloved, Your pilgrimage will be; The ending of our journey, In Heaven we will be.
5. Now gather us, dear Jesus, In Thy bleeding wounds; And with Thy Mercy shield us, Clothe us with righteousness.
6. Fill us with your manna, As we must now depart; On this world’s deceiving ocean, Keep us from all harm.
7. The wish of the believer, Is that everyone would see; The loving face of Jesus, Heaven eternally.
8. In this land of sorrow, We are longing there to be; Where loving hearts are singing, Eternal praise to Thee.
353 Already The Time Most Precious (Trans; UL 220, Jo Joutuu Armas Aika)
1. Already, the time most precious, Comes when the children of God; Away will Jesus take us, From this valley of sorrow and tears; Into Heaven He will take us, to inherit blessedness; Beneath all pain and sorrow, He, Himself, will guide us.
2. With His Own hand, He opened, to us the Heavens door; With His Own blood, He purchased, The Heavens blessedness; For which we all will offer, Our praise and thanks to Him; He is the fiery furnace, He will protect our souls.
3. So, dear brothers and sisters, Tarry for a moment yet; And always be ye steadfast, There is no time to sleep; When devil cunning, evil, Enemy deceitful; Our souls, he wants to ambush, Wishes us to fall away.
4. Against the devil battle, In unwavering Faith; Remembering Jesus always, When He sacrificed in Love; On cross our expiration, Brought peace within our souls; For which we al will offer, Our praise and thanks to Him.
5. This memory may it linger, Kept in our souls eyes; And beautiful it may ring, Kept always in our minds; It unburdens our sorrows, It eases our cross; Which always troubles us here, And weighs our spirit down.
6. Oh, our dearest Lord Jesus, Always dwell with us here; Grant we may depart with Thee, Into Heavens joy and bliss; Eternally in Heaven, To enjoy blessedness; Beneath trouble pain and sorrow, To sing Thy hymn of praise.

354 Gods’ Children Now Gather
1. God’s children, now gather around and let’s sing, Praises to God, what a wonderful thing; He gave us a gift of everlasting life, So hang onto Jesus with all of your might.
2. Our sins He’s forgotten, no burdens have we, Just trust in our God and so simply believe; The sorrows and tears will be gone on that day, When God calls His children who stayed on the way.
3. My heart gets so heavy, it aches of this love, The love of the Father who sent down His Son; How lucky we are now to not have to fear, He’ll watch us and guide us and always be near.
4. The road gets so weary, so ragged, so long, The stones on the pathway makes us stumble along; Don’t look to the right, to the left, do not stray, Just keep your two feet right on the narrow way.
5. God knows we are tired, it won’t be very long, He’ll gather us all to sing song after song; In Heaven Gods’ children will ever be glad, For trusting in Jesus and keeping His Word.
6. Believers, believers, Oh what joy we’ll know, When God calls His Own to that beautiful Home; What joy and what gladness and Oh how immense, Our happiness when God calls all of us Home.
355 Get Ready, Children I’m Coming
1. Get ready, children I’m coming, To take you Home with me; On a white cloud I’ll be descending, And from sin you’ll all be free.
2. The days are getting much shorter, The time is going fast; The trumpets are sounding in Heaven, this world will all soon pass.
3. In Heaven we’ll sing forever, Our song that has no end; Our praises and thanks to our Father, For the merciful Love He sends.
4. Just hang on, brothers sisters, His Love will carry us through; He’ll take us Home to Heaven, his children, me and you.
5. Up there, we’ll live forever, In peace and tranquility; He’ll shield us from harm, we’ll be severed, And joy will eternal be.
356 Rejoice, Child Of God
1. Rejoice, Child of God, your soul will be freed; From all bonds and this mortal body; When Jesus calls, My beloved come Home; Accept the reward, God promised His Own.
Chorus: I thank Thee Jesus for loving me, That You cared for one such as I; How wonderful to be a Child of God, And heir of the Kingdom, God promised His Own.
2. With this mortal tongue, I cannot convey; Of the Heaven’s beauty waiting for me; The peace and the joy, and the gladness too; I thank Thee Jesus, for loving me so. Chorus:

3. All these worldly cares, I will leave behind; When my Jesus calls beloved me; Oh, come with Me, to the temple divine; And accept the reward, God promised His Own. Chorus:
4. Oh, what praises I will sing, When Jesus has come; Here to take me away to Heaven; No more tears, no pain, no sorrow there; But, eternal peace and sweet tranquility. Chorus:
357 I Believe I Do, I Believe It’s True
1. I believe, I do; I believe it’s true; While we were yet sinners, God so loved, me and you; That His Only Son, He gave; So that even I am safe; From the clutches of Satan, I believe it’s true.
2. I believe, I do; I believe it’s true; I believe Jesus died for me, as well as you; Maybe even today, He will call me away; To a Heavenly reunion, I believe, I do.
3. I believe, I do; I believe it’s true; I believe exactly what the Bible tells me to; Thought he world says it’s dumb; Worldly pleasures succumb; My reward, is life in Heaven; I believe it’s true.
4. I believe, I do; I believe it’s true; Through the Holy Spirit, believe each day anew; As He turns my face, from this fading place; To look upon my Saviour, I believe, I do.
358 Oh, Thank You God, For Giving Me
1. Oh, thank you God, for giving me, These spiritual eyes so I can see; Without them I would see no Light, And I’d be lost out in the dark.
2. It is so sad for me to see, The faces that once greeted me; They glowed with love and kindness too, But, now they’re sad and filled with gloom.
3. I pray to you, Oh Father dear, To keep my eyes real bright and clear; I need to see the narrow road, Where Jesus trod so long ago.
4. It is good news as each new day, Brings sounds of war and strife galore; We know the signs are coming fast, And we can go to Home, at last!
5. Now, this is not the time to leave, The family of Gods children here; We need each other on our way, To lift and comfort one and all.
6. The devil knows his time is short, So he will try to get Gods’ Own; There’s not one stone he’ll leave unturned, So children watch and listen close.
7. The answers are in Gods Own Word, So heed and keep them as they’re wrote; Don’t try to change them to suit man, Make stumbling blocks to fall upon.
8. Oh, thanks again for giving me, The Holy Spirit so I can see; How great this Love of God can be, When it is ruled by only Thee.

9. I have this prayer within my heart, That from Gods Word I’ll never part; The Glory and the Honor too, Goes straight to God, From me to You.
359 What Ship Is This You’re Sailing On
(Trans: 89 UL, Mill’ Laivall’ Matkustatte Te)
1. What ship is this you’re sailing on, To the harbor of the blessed? Our sip, a fortress true and safe; The name is Jesus Christ.
Chorus: Come, Holy Spirit, take us Home; To the harbor of the blessed; Soon on the shores of Home rejoice, At the wedding of the Lamb.
2. Oh, pilgrims, to the blessed land; How great the multitude! Thousands since Abel saved in faith; By the Grace of Jesus Christ. Chorus:
3. Who guides our life upon the sea, That is so stormy now; Lord gives His Holy Spirit free, Our trust eternally. Chorus:
4. Our guiding Light is the Word of God, His Grace our passport Home; The Holy Lamb of Golgatha, Keeps our feet upon the way. Chorus:
5. Do you not fear the devil’s storm, Raging upon us now! Trust in God, and in His Word believe, He’ll take you safely through the storm. Chorus:
6. Can there be room upon the ship, For sinners just like me? To thousands, mercy given still, By believing in the Lord. Chorus:
7. The truth on which we now rely, Will take us Home to joy; The Holy Lamb of God above, Guides our feet upon the way. Chorus:
8. Heavens harbor blessed Holiness, Opens before us now; Burst of Joy, Oh thank you, Jesus dear! Now rejoice forever more. Chorus:
360 Oh, Jesus, Your Name Is So Mighty
1. Oh, Jesus, your Name is so might, Your children can travel here; And stay in the Victory ever, No matter what storms may appear.
2. Your Name is a rock and a fortress, For the ones even weakest in Faith; And we gain the reward which is Heaven, By confessing, Dear Jesus, Your Name.
3. A morning of joy is awaiting, A dawning most glorious; When Jesus with all of His angels, Into glory will carry us.
4. Then even the smallest of children, Can lift up their heads to sing; And with rapture, their hearts will be winging, To be joined with the Bridegroom and King.
5. Then Praises in joy to our Bridegroom, We will sing in Paradise; When sorrows and tribulations, Once forever are left behind.

6. Here the Bride of Jesus is sighing, And longing for her Groom; While the waves so dark keep pounding, On the shores of sin and gloom.
7. But, Jesus will bid the oceans, Be still, let the waves subside; And comforts us yet as His Children, Just stay in My wounded side.
8. For I am the One who will guide you, Through the dark world’s sinfulness, And under My wings, I will keep you, My Lambs in the wilderness.
9. Your beautiful crown and your raiment, Was prepared on Golgatha; Where I paid the price so enormous, As I suffered alone on the cross.
10. Our righteousness now is completed, And the doors ever open stand; Through which the most troubled and weary, Can enter to glory land.
361 Flowers Blooming, Oh So Bright
1. Oh, how great this Love will be, Praising God eternally; There will never be no storms, We will all be in One Accord.
Chorus: Flowers blooming Oh so bright, Flowers shining in the night; Flowers dancing in the sky, For our Saviour’s drawing nigh.
2. Our dear God, how great you are, Merciful to one like me; Gave your Son so I can live, What a price you paid for me. Chorus:
3. I can hear the wedding drums, And the sound of angels’ songs; Flowers gathered ‘round the Throne, And the thorns are dead and gone. Chorus:
4. We will never have to fear, For our Jesus is always near; If we keep our trust in Him, Godly strength He’ll give to us. Chorus:
5. The first commandment of our Faith, Is to believe in God with all thy heart; With all thy soul, with all thy mind, With all thy strength our Jesus spoke. Chorus:
6. The next commandment that He gave, Is to love our neighbors as thyself; Believe is Jesus where there’s Life, These are traditions of our Faith. Chorus:
7. The flowers will be dressed alike, In Heavenly gowns so pure and white; The trumpets playing loud and clear, And our Jesus will be there. Chorus:
8. How great to leave this flesh behind, We’ll sing the song for all mankind; The time of Grace will be no more, When our Father shuts the door. Chorus:
9. The devil can not get inside, To destruction it will go; And we won’t hear the pain below, For in our Fathers’ House we’ll go. Chorus:
10. Bye, Bye world, that’s all we’ll say, On that great Communion Day; Our Faith and Hope can be left behind, And Charity will forever abide. Chorus:

362 Oh, My Children Dear
1. Oh, my children dear, please put your trust in Me, For I have promised to care for all of Thee; And I know your hearts are heavy and so sad, Your journey on earth will soon come to an end.
2. I still need My children down upon the earth, To tell of My love and of Jesus, My Son; Who paid such a price, just for a sinners soul, to fill up My Kingdom, that has been My goal.
3. So dear children, live in peace and quiet now, While this old world runs amuck and loses power; I promised to care for you all of the way, I need your promise, from My Word, do not stray.
4. The devil is ever so busy down there, He tempts you and tells you, I really don’t care; Now children, don’t listen, he’ll try every trick, His power is great, but no greater than Mine.
5. I love you so dearly and wish it were time, To call you all Home, into Heaven so fine; I still have some children to enter the fold, Be patient and trust Me, soon I’ll get you Home.
363 I Want To Go To My Heavenly Home
1. I want to go to my Heavenly Home, And never, no more here to stay; I’d just fly away in His arms of Grace, How I wish God would take me today.
2. How hard to accept when we live in this flesh, That our problems are for our own good; But, we have to believe it, God knows what we need, And God’s Spirit reveals His food.
3. Satan’s cockatrice eggs lay all around, And his pits, he keeps digging for us; Always scheming to snare a Child of God; He hates Jesus, who died on the cross.
4. Sometimes, I’m so lost, I can’t see my way, But dear Jesus keeps guiding me through; It’s a perilous journey we’re walking here, And each day we must start again anew.
5. God, I know you can hear us crying here, The Holy Spirit tells me that you do; but in our cold feelings, we get our doubts, And the world is tempting us so.
6. Our true friend, our Saviour, Creator of all, So perfect without any sin; He loved us so much, every blood drop He shed, So every soul had the chance to come in.
7. In our Heavenly Kingdom, we’ll put on our crown, And the angels will sing a new hymn; The most beautiful clothes we will wear up there, We can then shed this garment of sin.
8. We will then clearly see what we have believed, We won’t remember our friends on this earth; They were not really friends, for they did not believe, In the One who gave us new birth.
9. Hallelujah, the bells will chime at last, And ring out the most beautiful sound, Where all trials forgotten, we Saints praise in joy, Love and Peace will forever abound.

364 Be Not Dismayed, Though Lions Roar
1. Be not dismayed, though lions roar, My light will shine on the other shore; Be not dismayed when nighttime falls, I can hear your weakest call.
2. Be not dismayed, Oh Child of God, This earthly land on which you trod; Be not dismayed when doubts occur, The devil tempts God’s Chosen Ones.
3. Be not dismayed, I soon will come, To take you to your Heavenly Home; Be not dismayed, you know not when, The trumpet sounds your call, Come Home.
4. Oh, I can see that golden shore, God’s Chosen Ones we’ll meet once more; Oh, happy hearts, our feet so light, No darkness now, we’ll shine so bright.
365 It’s A Lovely, Lovely Day Today
1. It’s a lovely, lovely day today, That I can still believe; To know my Jesus has chosen me, To be in Heaven, with Him to see; All the treasures that He ahs made, All the answers to all my prayers; I will never, ever cry again, For Jesus saved me from all my sins.
2. Once in my glorious Home in Heaven, I will sing loud praises to Thee; Jesus will hold and comfort me, Loving us all so tenderly; Heavens halls filled with rapture divine, What I once dreamed of, now is mine; All I say is that final, good-bye, To this wicked world, I leave.
3. All unbelievers are left below, Suffering pain that will not cease; Their agony will pay the price, Because they followed the devils plan; They lived by deception and cruelty, Hurting all they could touch or see; Now, they yearn for that eternal life, Only condemned by their unbelief and sin.
4. All the believers, are safe in Heaven, Singing glorious songs, to our Lord; Rejoicing fills our eternal hearts, For all our tears are gone for’ere; The end came quickly, with no surprise, God called sweetly, come Beloved Mine; Now Heavens gate, closed forever more, As we celebrate our great reward.
366 Christmas Star, Above Us Shining
1. Christmas star, above us shining, Sparkling, Oh, so brilliantly; Show your light a little longer, We are waiting here for Thee.
2. Gods’ true Spirit still prevailing, Star of Faith shines on the tree; Guiding us a little longer, What a blessing we will see.
3. Lovely children, keep on singing, Don’t forget your purchase price; World is shaking with its’ music, Rolling its’ own kind of dice.
4. Satan’s trying to kill Gods’ children, Every method he will try; Don’t forget the one begotten, Gave His life so we won’t die.

5. Christmas angels ‘round here gathered, Echoing a sigh of Peace; Raise your voices, all ye loved ones, Satan soon our God will seize.
6. Come now quickly, let us gather, Such a sight there is to see; Shining in the midst of Heaven, Shines our brightest Christmas tree.
7. All ye faithful can adore Him, Christmas tree without a spot; Gone from earth, no longer dwells there, Fire is burning, hell is hot.
8. Oh, what kind of celebration, Is prepared for you and me; War is over, spring is blooming, Brand new blossoms on the tree.
9. Angels singing ‘round our Saviour, Flowers dancing merrily; Golden harps of purest music, Brides are drinking joyfully.
367 Come We Must, To Hear The Word
1. Come we must, to hear the Word, As spoken in true text; A testament of His Great Love, And forgiveness of our sins.
2. A timely reassurance of, This Faith we hold so dear; To keep this Faith still precious, This true Word, we must hear.
3. When our tribulations mount, With an earthly pain; The scriptures then, we must turn to, To guide us on our way.
4. In our hearts this seed is sown, And in God’s Word it grows; But only in this pure Faith can, This seed of His Love grow.
5. So children, keep on coming then, To listen to Gods’ Word; Your fruits of Faith will grow and spread, And a kingdom we will share.
368 My Dear Children
1. My dear children, I’ll remind you, Of how I care and love you so; Earthly trials are getting larger, Keep your Faith, I’ll get you home.
2. Now, your Faith, it is most precious, For it is the only one; There are many that surround you, Claim they’re on the path to home.
3. In My Word, I have a Promise, And a guide to stay in Faith; All is done by My Own Power, So fruits of Faith will show My Love.
4. Spiritual storms will always flourish, And I know they’ll pain your heart; They must happen for a reason, Rid the wolves from my pure flock.
5. So march on-ward all My Loved Ones, On that path so straight and long; It was walked by Christ, your Saviour, Because of Love for all of you.

6. Heed the warnings and stand correction, They are meant for all of you; In My Love, I hope you’ll heed them, Then for sure, I’ll see you Home.
369 Jesus Is Calling
1. Jesus is calling, the end is at hand, Soon we will go to that beautiful land; So keep looking to Jesus, He’ll show us the way, Away from this earth, with Him, forever to stay.
2. This world is so evil, It tempts us each day, But don’t you give in or you might go astray; For there’s nothing for us here, but sorrow and pain, So keep following Jesus, He loves you so dear.
3. The time that we spend here is not very long, Don’t treasure the things here, they all will be gone; Just keep looking to Heaven there we’ll find Victory, Where there’s life everlasting and our happiness will be.
4. So just remember, keep Him in your heart, From this precious Word, let us never depart; He has promised to carry us Home some day, Just trust in Him, in this Faith let us stay.
370 Jesus, Take Us Loved Ones Home
1. Jesus, take us loved ones Home, In this wilderness we roam; Never, never have no rest, Long to go with all the blest.
2. No more sickness, no more pain, No more minds to go insane; No more worries, no more care, Perfect, perfect, perfect ware.
3. No more anger, no more shame, Only Satan gets the blame; Hallelujah, loud and clear, For the end is almost here.
4. Children, listen to the sound, Of the devil’s battle ground; Cause distrust within the flock, Lord, our Saviour is our rock.
5. Devil tries us every way, Each and every single day; But our God will not forget, We are His Beloved yet.
6. Fight to Victory on this land, Soon we’ll hear the wedding band; Lord Almighty, Father, Son; Salvation work has all been done.
7. Trumpeters will start to trump, Everyone will sing and jump; Feet that can’t stay on the ground, Pure, pure love is all abound.
371 Soft As The Voice Of An Angel
1. Soft as the voice of an Angel, Sweetly He beckons to me; Come now my child, don’t be weary, Away from this sin you’ll be free.
Chorus: And so on we go, Guided by Gods great love; Each day is closer you know, To dwelling with Him up above.

2. Trials and burdens are many, Wickedly they weigh us down; Free from the devil we’ll soon be, Exchanging those thorns for Our Crown. Chorus:
3. The love of Gods’ family is precious, Brothers and sisters are we; He sends us His love and His guidance, Obediently, we have the keys. Chorus:
4. The words I speak, have now been spoken, The lambs I have gathered around; The time is now quickly advancing, Rise Child, my trumpets will sound. Chorus:
5. In peace, now await my arriving, Just stay in My Word, please hold on; The place I’ve prepared for you is ready, Give praises and thanks to our God. Chorus:
372 Father, Often I Feel I Am Traveling Alone
1. Father, often I feel I am traveling alone, And Jesus reminds me who sits on our Throne; Oh, the earth is decaying and bodies do rot, Heaven is a warm place and hell is so hot.
2. God has all the wisdom, we have but none, Only what He will give us to get His Work done; So let us remember so we won’t forget, Who died on the cross and paid our whole debt.
3. The prince of the earth has a much different tune, Come join me, together, we’ll conquer the moon; All the world’s riches are for you to enjoy, Just worship him only, God’s merely a toy.
4. But our God is victorious and soon we will see, The sleeping brethren will rise first, then we; He is Alpha and Omega, beginning and the end, So where is there room for even a bend.
5. Much higher than the stars to His Kingdom, we’ll go, Like eagles we will fly, but not near as slow; When our Jesus says “Come”, we’ll not look behind, In a twinkling we’ll fly, all one of a kind.
6. How is it that some forget all He did say, And all the great sermons they heard on the way; How patient and loving our God is and kind, If left to one mortal, we’d be all left behind.
7. I can’t say enough about all that you gave, But, thank you, My Lord, when you went in the grave; Carried all of our sins so we were set free, Oh Lord, you had Mercy for a sinner like me.
373 Rejoice, For Children, I’m Coming
1. Rejoice, for children, I’m coming, To take you Home with me; The children of My Father, I’ll come real soon, you’ll see.
2. Beware of the devils’ wiles, He’s trying to take you from Me; Just stay in My wounds, beloved, Don’t listen to his decrees.
3. We thank you, Father, in Heaven, For choosing one like me; To stay your child forever, Will by my earnest plea.

4. He gave us a Home in Heaven, For there I’m longing to be; Just keep what we got, dear children, Rejoicing eternally.
374 Up In Gods’ Garden Blooming Peacefully
1. Up in Gods’ garden blooming peacefully, Your flowers swaying as warm breezes blow; Their sweetened fragrance drifts down to me, Oh how I wish to Heaven I could go.
2. White roses shining in Gods’ Love Light, Are waiting for the Bridegroom to appear; Their radiant beauty clearly testifies, Just keep your Faith, He’ll take us soon from here.
3. Oh, please forgive me, God for crying here, It’s bitter cold and lonely here below; Your words of love and guidance strengthens me, Comforts and nourishes this tired soul.
4. Our wedding day is soon upon us, Your Bride is ready, with Love her heart does glow; She sighs no longer for our Homeland, With wings a flight, Gods Peace, upwards she goes.
5. Our Father, you have always taught us, To stand steadfast and keep your Word so true; If it should be a little longer, Hold tight my hands, Dear God, and see me through.
6. With all my heart, I thank you Father, For choosing one so small and weak as me; To stay your child forever, I’ll praise Thee, Then Home, at last, with Thee, I’ll always be.
375 We’re Going To Go To A Beautiful City
1. We’re going to go to a beautiful city, We’re going to see our Divine Trinity; My heart feels a part of this beautiful homeland, Jesus, Our Saviour, will welcome my hand.
2. Peace, to my children, our Jesus will then say, Come to my city, I’ve shown you the way; Oh, come now inherit the kingdom that’s all yours, Pass through my gates to the eternal shores.
3. This is our city, God paved it with pure gold, Most exquisite jewels for us to behold; Our Father Almighty will welcome with such cheer, We are His offspring, He loves us so dear.
4. My Father, how long is the way to the city? Where only the finest can dine with Thee; I’m longing to see the bright gates to the city, And enter the land where we all can be free.
376 Always Singing Praises Of Jesus Here
(Trans: 257 UL, Laulelen Täälä Aina Jesuksesta)
1. Always singing praises of Jesus here, For so great was His love for me; That He gave His life for all my sins, Shed His blood, so from them I am free.
2. From on the cross of Golgatha, He shouted, “Now all is fulfilled”; That’s when all sinners were set free, And joy forever to them willed.
3. Look to that cross of Golgatha, When sins here seem troublesome; They are washed away by the flowing blood, Of the guiltless, innocent One.

4. When that stream of blood flows thru the heart, So jubilant the soul becomes; That even the weakest in faith can sing, Songs of praise and thanks to Him.
5. There is not one with sins so great, That the abundant grace of God won’t suffice; Even the frightened robber from on the cross, Thru Him, entered paradise.
6. We still play on that trombone of peace, Brothers and Sisters, how fortunate we’re here; Our purchase price, Jesus paid for us, We’re free from sin, washed clean and pure.
7. For the Lord, the Bride of Jesus sings, And dances joyfully; For the enormous gift that she received, All of Heaven, entirely.
8. This victory and Heaven I too can have, Thru Jesus and Him alone; He cares for us in His lap of Grace, Keeps the devil away from His Own.
9. Even if the storms here rant and rave, And mockers ridicule the Bride of Christ; Be patient, Jesus is on His way, Our inheritance is paradise.
10. Then our tears will all be dried, We’ll rejoice for the war has been won; The children of God will be drunk with joy, As the trumpets of peace play on.
11. And we will be completely content, In that calm and peaceful air; We will never, ever have to part, Just keep thanking our Jesus there.
377 I Want To Go To My Heavenly Home
1. I want to go to my Heavenly Home, And never, no more here to stay; I’d just fly away in His arms of Grace, How I wish God would take me today.
2. How hard to accept when we live in this flesh, That our problems are for our own good; But, we have to believe it, God knows what we need, And God’s Spirit reveals His food.
3. Satan’s cockatrice eggs lay all around, And his pits, he keeps digging for us; Always scheming to snare a Child of God; He hates Jesus, who died on the cross.
4. Sometimes, I’m so lost, I can’t see my way, But dear Jesus keeps guiding me through; It’s a perilous journey we’re walking here, And each day we must start again anew.
5. God, I know you can hear us crying here, The Holy Spirit tells me that you do; but in our cold feelings, we get our doubts, And the world is tempting us so.
6. Our true friend, our Saviour, Creator of all, So perfect without any sin; He loved us so much, every blood drop He shed, So every soul had the chance to come in.
7. In our Heavenly Kingdom, we’ll put on our crown, And the angels will sing a new hymn; The most beautiful clothes we will wear up there, We can then shed this garment of sin.
8. We will then clearly see what we have believed, We won’t remember our friends on this earth; They were not really friends, for they did not believe, In the One who gave us new birth.

9. Hallelujah, the bells will chime at last, And ring out the most beautiful sound, Where all trials forgotten, we Saints praise in joy, Love and Peace will forever abound.
378 There’s A Chance For All
1. But some won’t listen or take heed, To the Words that Jesus said; They’d rather put their trust in man, Or something else instead.
Chorus: There’s a chance for all, There’s been a chance for all, To be in Gods great love; There’s a chance for all, There’s been a chance for all, To go with God above.
2. There’s been a chance for every soul, From Adam until now; But some will offer their own works, And even worship a cow. Chorus:
3. So many doctrines on this earth, But only One dear Lord; Who gave His Son for everyone, So all could have a reward. Chorus:
4. Oh, God, please keep us small enough, So we can turn to you; And you will feed us as you should, With Heavenly knowledge true. Chorus:
5. If God’s little birds could only sing, They’d sing so loud and clear; The earth would quake and people shake, And maybe some would hear. Chorus:
6. But let us travel as we must, With gifts, both great and small; It won’t be long until we hear, Our loving Saviors call. Chorus:
379 The Eastern Sky Is Brighter
1. The Eastern sky is brighter, I can see it now, Jesus is coming and He’s on a cloud; He’ll send His Angels near and far to gather us all, He’ll hold us in His arms, we’ll have no fear to fall; Rejoice dear children, Brothers, Sisters, one and all, For fast approaching is our final call.
2. Away from Satan, home at last we’ll safely be, Free from his tempting, wiling ways, forever we’ll be free; For God, in His love, He sent His Son to die on Calvary, He shed His blood for our sins, He loves us, you and me; Oh thank you God in Heaven, For choosing one like me, Our praises to God eternally.
380 Shining In North America
1. Shining in North America, Shines Gods’ Own Christmas tree; It shines above all other trees, It is shining here for me, God sent it low for me.
2. It’s not the usual evergreen, In color shape or size; It was resurrected long ago, So all mankind could arise, And gain a Holy prize.
3. The branches of this Christmas tree, Are scattered round this land; They testify of Gods’ great love, And wear His wedding band, My, aren’t we truly grand?

4. Gods’ hidden tree that shines o’er here, Are marked in every town; The blood drops of Our Saviour dear, On every twig is found, The key to the golden crown.
5. Gods’ branches travel near and far, To dine with the Holy Lamb; And every branch is fed indeed, When Christ’s in the midst of them, Heading towards Jerusalem.
6. So children, praise His Mighty Name, And hold your head up high; Our Saviour, Jesus Christ our Lord, Can hear us when we cry, Soon we’ll join Him in the sky.
7. Oh, Father dearest, thanks to Thee, For sending Christ for me; How grateful to be a chosen one, On a branch of that living tree, An everlasting tree.
381 Children Listen To Our Father
1. Children listen to our Father, He loves you dearly, He wants us for His Own; Heed His Word and keep it precious, Our reward is Heaven, our home.
Chorus: And He comforts us, His children, Holds our hands and lays us on His breast; The Spirit Holy, guides our footsteps, Feeds our hunger and keeps us blest.
2. Be strong my children, I haven’t forgotten, My promises to you they will be fulfilled; A little while longer, the tempest rages, The time I’ve shortened, your wounds will be healed. Chorus:
3. Just put your trust in our Heavenly Father, Sing praises in happiness, for the gift He’s given; In bonds of love we struggle onward, Brothers and Sisters, in peace from Heaven. Chorus:
382 Our Days Here On Earth
1. Our days here on earth, they are numbered, We’ll be called, but we know not when; Our life here is just but a vapor, When compared to eternity.
2. What day, we’ll be called, is a mystery, So in Faith and His Word, we must stay; That is why we do not partake of, The fruits of the worldly man.
3. On earth, we must strive for perfection, Though perfect, we will not be; Just because of this body’s corruption, And the weakness of the flesh.
4. We travel this earth as believers, In the eyes of God, we are saints; For together, we can rejoice in, One Spirit, One Word, One God.
5. Just One Spirit, One Word, One Doctrine, Though it cuts like a sword, sometimes deep; Yes, we know there is only One Doctrine, Where we can inherit Gods Peace.
6. Yes, we can inherit His Kingdom, By believing in His Word; So stay steadfast in your Faith, And Eternal Life will by yours.

383 On Earth Here, Unhappy, I Am
1. On earth here, unhappy, I am, In hope that my Saviour will come; But soon, for I feel like I’m drifting, Far from the home where I’m longing to go, Far from my Heavenly Home.
2. Jesus, do you see where I am? Surrounded by doubts, fears and sin; I look deep within my soul for you, But, cold shaking feelings keep following me, Your close constant guidance, I seek.
3. Sometimes, I’m not sure who I am, Confused by the devils’ fierce plans; He tempts me and condemns my love for you, but, Jesus, You comfort me, safe in your breast, You strengthen and comfort me now.
4. My eyes close each night, with a prayer, That Heaven’s not far from my sight; Your answer is sweet restful sleep, My Child, don’t worry, I have not forgotten, For soon, I will carry Mine, Home.
384 To All Man, The Time Will Come
1. To all man, the time will come, This earthly race we’ve run; We will then be laid to rest, To wait for Christ to come; We will all be judged upon condition of our heart, If Gods Love is not in us, the word is the “depart”.
2. Gods’ wish is we’d not give up, The gift that He did send; In His Son, you’ll find such peace, All through the blood He spent; Let this love of God abide within your heart today, Do it now, make no excuse, tomorrow might be late.
3. God has told us that this road on earth will not be smooth, Jealously, mistrust in man, the devil, he is loose; Overcome, all this you can’t, unless you trust in God, Just hold tight to Jesus Christ, from sin, He’s set you free.
4. So just wait, Gods little ones and soon the call will come; God will help you all the way, He beckons to your call; Just a little sigh from us, to help us through each day, Strengthen us, enlighten us, from His Word, let’s not stray.
5. The great wedding, you’ll attend, When Bride and Bridegroom meet; Wedding bells will ring so clear, The music sounds so sweet; Vows that you had made to stay with Christ are now complete, Gone, the troubles of the earth, enjoy Eternal Peace.
385 If Only On This Homeward Way
(Trans. No. 235, Jospa voisin ajatela jotain taivahasta)
1. If only on this Homeward way, A thought would come from Heaven; One day Heaven’s lighter air, Will linger in my bosom.
2. While down here, we cannot see, How great our Bridegroom’s worry; Of the precious care He takes, Of us upon the journey.

3. How He chose us from this world, Already at Creation; Then let His precious blood be poured, Alone for our Salvation.
4. Oh, how much our Father dear, Has given us already; Then in Heaven evermore, We’ll taste the wine made ready.
5. In Heaven joyfully rejoice, The saints attired in Glory; And nothing there can still the voice, Of Love’s eternal story.’
6. Here we still are in a land, So foreign to our spirit; But bleeding Parent holds our hand, To guide us safely through it.
7. So upon the Mercy-road, There’s surely nothing lacking; Our own Father bears the load, And cares for us most gladly.
8. Even though we here must stay, Yet one brief moment longer; Our exodus will come about, By plan of our dear Father.
9. Our Father takes the best of care, And leads us ever Homeward; When our journey here is done, He takes us into Heaven.
10. Then when Heaven’s shore we reach, All Heaven’s birds will warble; Of the Victory now won, Forgotten is the struggle.
11. When the warmer air we feel, In company of loved ones; No more tears will ever flow, No sorrow ever harm us.
12. Even though so often here, Our sinfulness depresses; Yet when Bridegroom’s love appears, We see ourselves made perfect.
13. Sometimes on our path towards Home, With spirit-eyes we capture; Glimpses of the precious scene, Of Heaven’s endless rapture.
14. One day all the fog will lift, When Heaven’s skyline brightens; Then we’ll know without a doubt, This world is left behind us.
15. Praises Jesus Dear, to Thee, Forever for your Mercy; The Chosen Ones in Heaven’s hall, Sing Amen, Hallelujah!
16. Farewell now, companions dear, Upon this Homeward journey; Our Jesus soon will satisfy, The thirsting and the yearning.
386 Our Days On Earth Are Numbered (Tune: Come Soon, Beloved Jesus #99)
1. As our days on earth are numbered, And I see a brighter day; I feel my loving Father, In His arms, I’m home to stay.
2. The devil will be grounded, He’ll not be there with me; Oh Father, come now quickly, In Your arms, I want to be.

3. The sad life in this world, Will soon come to an end; I’ll dwell in Gods’ green pastures, And see whom my God did send.
4. I’ll meet my loving Savior, He’ll not be ashamed of me; He’ll gladly come and carry, In His bosom forever be.
5. The cares of world ended, Not a cry for fear nor frown; We’ll dance in glory lighted, And sparkle with a Godly crown.
6. How majestic and beautiful land there, If only the eye could see; Nothing on earth to compare to, The land of Eternity.
7. If for a little while, We did give up our crown; Such danger could await us, May never raise up, when down.
8. So should we take such chances, When Father has such eyes; Can see each little movement, Yet merciful to a sinners cries.
9. Such dearly purchased children, So dear you are to me; Can’t you see how I do love you, My Son hast died for thee.
387 Child Of Mine, Take My Hand
1. Child of mine, take my hand, walk with me not with man, Child of mine, you have heard, all My Word for it’s; I am the one who will send you my Son, so, Child of mine, be yea patient for soon it’s your time.
2. Lambs in my flock, as you graze, please don’t stray from me, Lambs in my flock, the wolves are near and closing in on you; Please do not fear, for the Shepherd is here, so, Lambs in my flock rest your heart, you are safe from all harm.
3. My chosen ones, in my love, you are bound to me, My chosen ones, the time has come for you, to come to Thee; Now the promise gave, my child, you’ll be saved, so, My chosen ones, stay awake, don’t hesitate, time has come.
4. Safe in my arms, come my child, time is done on earth, Safe in my arms, receive my love and peace, I promised you; Hark the weddings here, the Bridegroom draws near, and, Joy fills the air, the angels sing, for there’s love everywhere.
388 Gods Little Children, Chosen Ones Are We
1. Gods little children, chosen ones are we, Waiting here for Jesus, patiently; Trying hard, now, not to lose our way, For Gods love and guidance, we do pray.
2. Alone, He’ll never leave us, not His little Ones, This, He showed us, when He sent us down His Son; He died, then, on Calvary, this is the price He paid, So sinners like you and I, now we can be saved.

3. Beware brothers and sisters, the devil has his ways, Offending one another, will cause to go astray; In His Word, He joins us, divisions, there are none, Praises to our Father, for He’s the only one.
4. Safe in His arms He’ll hold us, beauty all around, Brothers and sisters longed for, wearing their righteous crown; Sufferings and sorrows gone now, only happiness there, Home in those lovely mansions, without a doubt or care.
5. Free from the world of Satan, Heavens now our Home, Gathered lambs now sleeping, each one is marked, Gods Own; Angels are rejoicing, his promises fulfilled, In His love we’re safe now, from Satan the gates are sealed.
6. Children, listen closely, the time is now at hand, Don’t leave this Word I’ve sent you, for ways of this old man; I’ll bring you Home my child, Jesus soon will come, Your work on earth, all fulfilled, now Thy will be done.
389 When God Sends, Our Hearts A Flying
1. When God sends our hearts a flying, He sets our lips a smiling; We shout for joy, we clap for cheer, We act so strange down here.
2. But all of them before us, God drunken same as us; When Father took their cares from here, And set them on the Masters’ chair.
3. Rejoicing there completely, Soon we can there all be; Just one little crumb, from Heavens’ door, And we all crave and long for more.
4. Oh, how the world does wonder, When we, in Spirit, thunder; But can’t accept this miracle, That gives us such a thrill.
390 For God So Loved The World That He
1. For God so loved the world that He, Gave His Son to set us free; The shed blood and labors done, By Jesus Christ, our victory won.
2. When on this earth with toil and tears, We have doubts, hardships and fears; For each day our Grace anew, A conscience free, and blessings too.
3. If we believe on Jesus Christ, Who paid our debt, His life as price; His love of Father and of man, How lucky are we children then.
4. When just as children we do trust, Gods’ Holy Word, believers must; Raise our voices, praises sing, Glory to God, our song doth ring.
5. Our Father, who doth dwell up there, Will take us to that Homeland fair; When our time on earth is o’er, We’ll live with Jesus evermore.

6. Jesus Christ, our thanks to you, How many times when doubtful too; To our side so willingly, Thou gave Your love to one like me.
7. Then Glory be, to God on high, Praise, Hallelujah to the sky; We, Thy children’s joy doth swell, To know with Jesus, we will dwell --- To know with Jesus, we will dwell.
391 God’s Calling His Children, You And Me
1. God’s calling His children, you and me, Come join me now, my child, then you’ll see; What I have prepared for you above, Just stay a little longer in My Love.
Chorus: Our Father, He loves us, yes it’s true, And what our Father promises, He’ll do; And in His promises you now have heard, Believe in Me, my child, I’ll keep My Word.
2. The devil is prowling night and day, Gods little children are his only prey; He knows that his time is almost done, Just hold on tight, My Child, I’ll send My Son. Chorus:
3. Our Faith is a very precious thing, It warms my heart up, when His praises I sing; It is our only ticket Home, Safe in our Fathers arms, we’ll never roam. Chorus:
392 We’re Soldiers Marching Homeward
1. We’re soldiers marching Homeward, we’re singing as we go, The battlefield is sounding, the devils awful blows; The air is cold and frightening, but in our hearts, we know, Our God will lead us Homeward, this we know.
2. In battle, we are wounded, exhausted here we lay, The devils all around us, we pray that we won’t stray; He takes us as His prisoners, and tortures us down here, But with Your Love our Father, we’ll endure.
3. In Satans army down here, he claims he’s won the war, He shouts his claims of victory, on earth from shore to shore; But in Your Word, our Father, the war has long been won, In sacrificing Your Beloved Son.
4. So onward we’re marching, right up to Heavens gate, The air so warm and peaceful, Oh I can hardly wait; our God and Son will greet us, Their arms wide open stand, At last we’ll reach forever, promised land.
5. At Home, we’ll sing our praises, for God around His throne, For keeping, us, His Child, and bringing His Lambs home; Rejoicing with such happiness, our souls will now be free, Forever in the Homeland, we will be.
393 One Day In Heaven
1. One day in Heaven, eternal life begins, Streets of gold and walls of gems, mortared in Gods Love; One day in Heaven, our wedding will commence, Bride and Groom and our Father, Oh what joy immense.

2. One day in Heaven, our struggles then will cease, In Fathers house created there, a mansion for you and me; One day in Heaven, there’ll be no end to time, The sun and moon will no longer be, only God will shine.
3. One day in Heaven, rejoicing evermore, Brothers and Sisters longed for, Home on that golden shore; One day in Heaven, I long for there to be, Father, Son, Holy Spirit, guides me faithfully.
4. One day in Heaven, no more this earth to roam, Gone will be the wicked, we’ll be safe at Home; One day in Heaven, what glory we will see, Praises to our Father, for love He’s shown to me.
5. Home soon in Heaven, there safe from sin and free, On the lap of our Father, in His arms we’ll be; Home soon in Heaven, a righteous crown is mine, Promised by our Father, with love and grace divine.
394 The Land Of Peace, That Beautiful Abode (Trans: UL 272, Rauhaan maa se on niin ihana)
1. The land of Peace, that beautiful abode, Still comforts those who travel on its’ road; ‘Tis there we sometimes see our Bridegroom dear, For which my soul so often yearns down here.
2. That land of Peace, where streams of Mercy flow, is where we see ourselves made white as snow; There Bridegrooms’ blood is flowing in a stream, That keeps the Bride all spotless, pure and clean.
3. That land of Peace, where children freely sing, No preying wolf can dare to enter in; Those wine-red berries fill our hearts with cheer, Our comfort and our food of life is here.
4. That land of Peace, is greater than we know, As it gathers in Believers from below; And that same song still cheers our spirit here, That Jesus soon is coming for us here.
5. That land of Peace, we travel to by Faith, The resting place is in His wounds today; Self- righteous ones can never understand, How just by Faith, we travel to that land!
6. Lord Jesus Christ, Himself, upholds our Faith, As He gathers children for His great Names sake; And when He lifts my eyes above to see, My soul begins rejoicing thankfully.
7. To raging storms I soon can close my eyes, Then to that land of Peace I will arise; My soul will rest and then at last I’ll be, Within my Bridegrooms arms eternally.
395 Marching Saints Of God, We Are
1. Marching Saints of God, we are; On our way to the Homeland; Singing praises to our Lord; On our way to the Homeland.
Chorus: Jesus watches from above, Helping the weary travelers; Hoping ever they will make, Their way safely to the Homeland.

2. Angel guardian over us, Keeping watch so closely; So no harm will come to those, On their way to the Homeland. Chorus:
3. Some will make it, some will not, Falling into troubled waters; If they call for Jesus help, He’ll lift them up the Homeland. Chorus:
4. Close your eyes in grace tonight, Sleeping restful ‘till that morning; Jesus will awaken us, And bring the loved ones to the Homeland. Chorus:
Chorus: Our hearts are now uplifted, A crown upon each head; A promise never broken, The chosen welcomed to the Homeland.
396 They Took Our Jesus, Nailed Him To The Cross (Tune: My Hearts Desire Only Is To See #179)
1. They took our Jesus, nailed Him to the cross, T’was yesterday, but still today for us; Oh how His wounds ache for ours sins, He bore, So we can enter life for evermore.
2. T’was you and I that pierced His wounded side, For up in Heaven, He did so abide; But Father sent His Son to come on down, So all of us could wear a shining crown.
3. Some day our cares and pain will all be gone, How’er He calls us, grouped or one by one; So wave your banners high and shout for cheer, Our resting day is surely drawing near.
4. That devil is a very wicked one, He will not rest, he’s having lots of fun; But love us, no, Oh that it can not be, For we’ll live on throughout eternity.
5. Oh, how I wish that all would just believe, They wouldn’t have to burn in hell and grieve; Some don’t believe that Christ did come on earth, So how can they inherit this new birth.
6. How many songs have we all sung to Him, In Holy Spirit, dance to honor Him; But n’er enough to praise Him for His worth, Our bodies bound, while we do live on earth.
7. Come Jesus, take us all away from here, So long we’ve waited for Your call of cheer; So dark these days that we can’t hardly see, Oh Father, lead us to the shining sea.
8. We’ll see our loved ones, who have gone before, We’ll meet them all inside the living door; Our Master great, will be among the blest, Our brand new Home, it is the very best.
397 Open Your Eyes, See Heaven At Hand
1. Open your eyes, see Heaven at hand; Jesus is calling, hear the Angels band; The children, like lambs, gather into the fold; Our Father reaches for the loved Ones to hold.
2. The waiting has ended, the whole world can see; The believers ascending to Heaven, you and me; Repenters filled with anguish, begging to come in; But, Jesus says no, because you lived in sin.

3. Inside Heavens gates, my eternal life begins; The promise Jesus gave when He died with my sins; Forever, I will live in this wonderful place; I am so happy, I have finished the race.
4. It is wonderful to be here, with my Jesus dear; He has given me so so much, never more will I fear; The devils temptation, breaking my spirit down; I’m safe in Heaven, no more torment around.
398 Thank You, My God, For Choosing Me
1. Thank you, my God, for choosing me; From this old world, so full of sin; My flesh is full of sinful lust; But in Your eyes, I’m snowy white.
2. Oh thank you God, for giving me; These eyes of Faith, so I can see; When this old world is fading fast; I have no fear, I’ll be home at last.
3. Oh thank you God, for caring so; You are my strength, a desperate need; When trials and burdens weigh me down; It’s by your power, I’ll conquer them.
4. Oh thank you God, for guiding me; You keep my feet on this narrow road; You are my eyes, You are my mind; Completely trust in You, I must.
5. To thank you right, I wish I could; But this old tongue is tied so tight; Wait till the day when it is loose; I’ll thank you, thank you like I should.
399 Am I Really Your Child, My Dear God
1. Am I really your child, my dear God? For I feel so alone and so unloved; I’m just stumbling on my way, hoping that I will not stray, From Your Word and Your loving arm of Grace.
2. Did your son, Jesus, really die for me? Did He take all my sins to Calvary? So many of them, I have, Took them all! Oh I’m so glad! Worthy of this God, I hope I’ll always be.
3. Are You really making space for me in Heaven? Where I’ll live in peace and sing eternally; Can I see my loved ones there, who you’ve kept within Your care, What a happy day It’ll be when You call me.
4. With this lively Hope You give, I’ll struggle on, All these doubts from devil, tell him to “get lost”; Devil’s trying to break the bond, that keeps You and I so strong, From you God, No! I never want to go.
5. For I know that You have this great love for me, Jesus proved it on the cross on Calvary; All my sins upon Him, took, So my name’s within Your book, When that great role call is held on judgement day.
6. Soon the time will come when Heaven is so quiet, Devils’ children, here, will try to break us down; God, you promised in Your Word, You’ll protect us from all harm, Give me strength to withstand what ever comes.

400 Oh My Father In Heaven, Please Hear My Call
1. Oh, my Father in Heaven, please hear my call, Take me to Heaven, let it be now; For the time is so long here, please forgive me, Take me my Father, please rescue me.
2. I know that You’re listening, You hear me every sigh, In my heart I know that You won’t pass me by; For I know that it’s only by your command, Take us Home my Father, to Canaan’s Land.
3. Oh forgive me my Father, for being so weak, It’s in Your Word and Promise, the strength that I seek; For the devil is wicked, he tears me down, But with your help, my Father, I put him down.
4. I know, soon my Father, you’ll send us your Son, To take us to Heaven, your Chosen Ones; For the signs, they are passing, fulfilled and true, My Father in Heaven, we’ll be with You.
5. Oh how happy we’ll be when our Homeland we’ll see, Our God and His children, just waiting for me; Oh my heart feels so happy it’s joy all around, Promised by my Father, I’ll wear my crown.
6. It will shine of His Love, each jewel you’ll see, He loves us His children, you and me; So let’s not smudge or dull the shine, Believe in His Word, It’s one of a kind.
7. I know in my heart with each passing day, To stay in His Word and pray I won’t stray; For it’s Home with you Father, I long to be, Take me Home my Father, please rescue me.
401 Oh These Worldly Wars Are Raging
1. Oh, these worldly wars are raging, And they aren’t fought with guns; But with words of anger spoken, Between fathers and their sons; Give us love, my Jesus dearest, Warm our hearts with Thine sweet peace; Melt the unforgiving feelings, And from death give us release.
2. Oh the words, they fly like arrows, To cause pain in Fathers’ breast; When the son cannot, because of pride, Accept this blessedness; Jesus died to free His children, From the bonds of sin and grief; Let the anger go and reach instead, To Jesus for sweet peace.
3. Jesus wore a crown of thorns for us, Then on the cross He hung; To bleed the living waters for, The father and the son; In His wounds there is forgiveness, For sin of all degree; Jesus did the work that God demands, To let our hearts be free.
4. Oh Gods’ dearest little children, Let not anger rule your hearts; Kindle there instead this flame of Love, That Jesus does impart; Forgiveness is essential, To both father and the son; Jesus died to set us free from sin, He died for everyone.
402 If I Could Go To Heaven Now
1. If I could go to Heaven now, I wouldn’t stop to take a bow; I’d fly aboard my masters’ arm, Forever safe from worldly harm.

2. If I could go to Heaven now, I’d shout, Hurray! And say Oh Wow!; I wouldn’t stop to take a drink, No more time to even think.
3. If I could go to Heaven now, No more questions, when or how; Nothing needed to be done, Believing childrens’ war is won.
4. If I could go to Heaven now, I wouldn’t care how, anyhow; In Fathers’ love forever be, Eternally locked in eternity.
5. If we could go to Heaven now, We wouldn’t stop to take a bow; We’d fly so high, like on a cloud, Angelic voices crying loud.
6. If we could go to Heaven now, No bitter tears to shed, no how; Not a care for worldly woe, Stepping up highest, Heaven we go.
403 Listen, My Little Lambs
1. Listen, my little lambs, the trumpets now blow; Harken the voice of our Shepherd; Telling us Heavens ready, be now prepared; For with Jesus we will go; To our Heavenly Home that is given to us; Our reward for believing on Him; For through Faith we were guided and now we receive; a place in our Heavenly Home.
2. Longingly we have waited for Jesus call; To take us away to the Homeland; We can rejoice in glory forever more; For the debt of death is paid; The suffering of Jesus on Calvary; My sins washed away with His blood; Our Father in Heaven well satisfied; So up to Heaven, we’ll go.
3. Sing, now, we have no worries; A new life begins; The life of an angel forever; Jesus, He greets the children, arms open wide; All burdens left behind; Living in Heaven eternally; My life filled with joy divine; Forever peace and tranquility; My Home in Heaven I’ll find.
4. Softly a voice is calling; Calling me Home; It must be the voice of my Saviour; Patiently, I have waited, for this Great Day; The day of Salvation is here; Praises we’ll sing in a new melody; How wonderful it will be; Sweetly and tenderly I hear His voice; Softly, He beckons to me.
5. Oh, how the music’s playing, come unto Me; It’s time for the wedding reunion; The Bridegroom is now waiting, on we shall go; There is no time to waste; A crown of gold and a beautiful Home; Are waiting in Heaven for me; Goodbye my dear friends, please shed not a tear For we’ll meet in Heaven someday.
404 Lovingly, Our Father Has Fed His Children
1. Lovingly, Our Father has fed His children daily, And clothed us in wedding ware; So pure and white beyond compare; All for our wedding there.
2. Willingly, Our Father has set a table before us, With wine so Heavenly, rich and pure; A feast that has now been all prepared, All for our wedding, there.

3. The wedding hall is ready, just like our Father promised us, Our Groom, with His Bride so fair; And brothers and sisters will all be there, All for our wedding, there.
4. Angels all rejoicing, with songs of joy, they warm the air, And trumpets sound out the wedding march; Then, from this world, we will all depart, All for our wedding there.
5. So patiently, My Child, await in peace for the wedding call, Your trials and burdens will be no more; At Home, you’ll arrive on My Heavenly shore, Now, for the wedding there.
405 There’s A Song We’ll All Be Singing
1. There’s a song we’ll all be singing, When the children all go Home; Our hearts will no longer tarry, From these worldly woes.
2. We’ve seen Gods’ revelations, Constantly unfold; The seals will soon be broken, And Homeward, we will go.
3. Though the judgement day is coming, By Faith we are prepared; Through Gods’ Grace we will enter, His children will be Home.
4. Soon the last of His sheep will enter, The door will then be closed; Up to Heaven we’ll be taken, His Children will be Home.
5. Some won’t even suffer, The death of this worldly man; Straight to Heaven He will gather, His children will be Home.
6. With the doors of Grace closed tightly, They will see from hell below; They all will then believe, Too late, with Satan damned.
7. Dear children we must stay, And travel in this Faith; Prepare for soon He is coming, To take His Children Home.
406 When A Child Of God Is Laid Down To Rest
1. When a child of God is laid down to rest; A prayer rings out among the Blessed; A child gone Home for eternity; Gods’ chosen One, a saint to be.
Chorus: A day of praise and glory be; When we join God eternally; No more trials on this earth to bear; We’ll reign with God without a care.
2. And in the hearts of the ones down here; A sigh of prayer for their given time; When we can join into Heavens’ band; And sing that song, the song of life. Chorus:
3. Eternal life in our Heavenly Home; Nor more trials or this world to roam; Come sing and pray for the day of rest; When we can sing among the blessed. Chorus:

407 Oh Father, Take My Soul Away
(Tune: Away From Here, We’ll Soon Be Called #52)
1. Oh Father, take my soul away, And let my bones return to clay; My pathway has been filled with tears, I’ve longed to see you for many years.
2. This time on earth can be so short, I long to have a good report; The mystery that our eyes can’t see, Beautiful homeland awaiting me.
3. This earthly land so full of fear, Devil puts lots of suspicion here; We need to feel Your loving hand, Before the judgement seat we stand.
4. Father forgive us for doubting here, But devils’ band is beating clear; Trying to get us off Your path, I fear him Lord, the devils’ wrath.
5. Give me Your shield of armoured dress, Your loving Son who stood the stress; For in Your arms I long to be, Creators’ child, return to Thee.
408 My Soul Is Filled With Longing Here
(Trans: UL #114, Täältä Halajaa Mun Sieluni)
1. My soul is filled with longing here, For Home eternally; Where lives my Jesus, Bridegroom dear, My peace, my victory!
2. This world is not our biding place, Wherein we yet must dwell; We’re strangers here and wanderers, Yet for a little spell.
3. My mind already has been moved, To study blessedness; And that great glory which awaits, In Heavens happiness.
4. With longing now, my soul desires, To be with Christ, my Lord; My loving friend, companion here, Who still my joy affords.
5. My crown in Heaven waits for me, And palm leaves shimmering; And all the Holy Angel throngs, In beauty beckoning!
6. The Bridegroom shed His precious blood, On Golgatha for me; By which He washed my sins away, So I can worthy, be.
7. My wedding raiment, pure and bright, Made perfect by His blood; And which I wear by Faith alone, Prepared on Golgatha.
8. Oh, wretched soul, was I that lay, In sin, wounds deep and sore; In sorrow and in agony, Beside death’s gaping door.
9. My conscience troubled me to death, And hell was frightening; Since Holy Fathers’ righteous law, Was made for reckoning.
10. But, then I heard a voice most sweet, From children of Gods Peace; “Be not in doubt, no longer wait, But trust in Mercy great”.

11. “Your sins are all forgiven now, In Jesus Blood and Name; And all your debt of wrong is paid, Washed in that tide, away”.
12. This brought me peace within my soul, And rest, most comforting; For which I sing in grateful thanks, Forever caroling!
13. My wish would be to follow Him, My Groom, eternally; His Holy Spirit is a gift, Bestowed to strengthen me.
14. So now I travel on in joy, To shores of blessedness, And Hope is ever given me, That soon I’ll reach that rest.
15. What more could I aspire for? With trust, complete in Him; For which my soul already sings, The Hallelujah Hymn.
409 Beautiful Message Coming From God
(Tune: Blessed Assurance, Jesus Is Mine #82)
1. Cradles us Holy, Oh we’re content; How thankful we are that Jesus was sent; His Holy Spirit, light from above, Shines yet on me to sing of His Love.
Chorus: Beautiful message coming from God, Warm summer breezes sway in His Love; Gods’ Holy Spirit, light from above, Singing from Heaven, white shiny dove.
2. Never unending, it will not be, Just warm summer breezes beckon to me; Beautiful message, sent from our God, Walking in storms here, safely we trod. Chorus:
3. Praising you, Father, I am so proud, My rock and salvation I shout this aloud; To be in your power, what should I fear, When the Almighty Power is here. Chorus:
410 Do Not Fear My Bride So Precious (Trans: UL #196, Ala Pelkaa Morsiameni)
1. Do not fear my Bride so precious, Though weighed down by sin and grief; I am still your tender Shepherd, And will bear you on the way.
2. I will lift the worn and tired, To my breast to rest a while; Quench the thirst of soul so thirsty, With the wine of my great love.
3. So that you will still be able, To take one more stop ahead; When beset by trials and sorrows, On the journey in this world.
4. Rest a while now without fearing, On my breast, my little one; Let your heart by my abode still, And your soul will be my own.
5. Stay in Faith upon this journey, Carry my betrothal here; I will come when least expected, Home to Heaven, you to bear.

6. There I will myself, place on your, Head a golden crown so light; And a Kingdom you will also, Have as your inheritance.
7. Wait for just a little moment, Although you are lonesome here; Soon you will enter forever, To join the rapture Jubilee.
8. Therefore to Thee, dearest Jesus, A song of thanks I gladly sing; For my desire is to render, Praise and thanks for your great love.
9. Thy great love which I do know here, Keeps my soul so satisfied; You my dearest, Saviour Jesus, Are my best and faithful friend.
10. I care to know of nothing else now, Since my very own you are; My hope is to rejoice forever, With you in Heavens’ wedding hall.
411 Gather Now, Ye Ransomed Children
(Trans: UL No. 2, Kokoontukaa Armon Lapset)
1. Gather now, ye ransomed children, At Jesus lowly manger stall; Joyfully all that adore Him, Ended has the dark drear night; The Sun of Grace is shining now, Brightly in the mercy sky.
2. Look you Zion at your High King, People at your God of Gods; Lying in Bethlehem’s stable, On His mother’s bosom warm; Meek and poor and wanting, He, In the form of lowly man.
3. See, our brother came down so low, Our Saviour sent from God; Appeared to us amidst great suffering, From all sins to set us free; Into Gods’ bosom of love, To our Heavenly Home above.
4. Children hear ye all this calling, Of this small child’s beckoning cry; Allow this call to penetrate and, Move your heart so joyfully; Hasten all ye multitudes, Gather ‘round Him joyously.
5. Look upon His arms extended, Stretched out to us with His love; Gathering up the weak and weary, The wounded and the maimed He guides; Rents the veil that blinds our gaze, Dries the tears from in our eyes.
6. All you fearful, by not frightened, To gaze upon the Son of God; Do not turn away from His love, But place all your trust in Him; Fathers’ only begotten Son, Is offering Mercy to everyone.
7. Shepherds plainly here are saying, Sound the trumpet of peace divine; To the pastures of salvation, Calls His flock-come one and all; Beckon all the guests to come, To the golden wedding hall.
8. Announce the mansion is made ready, For the chosen ones of God; Grace and Mercy is completed, So that even the weakest ones; From the highways and byways, The wedding feast is all prepared.
9. The cup of wine is overflowing, The feasting table all prepared; For the poor and lowly nation, All has been so fully paid; The celebration food is there, For all that yearn with us to share.

10. The call goes out to the maimed and wanting, To the poor and crippled ones; The blind, the halt, the deaf and dumb ones, Also to the feast are called; Eat now, and this feast enjoy, So you may in the Spirit live.
11. Come ye maimed and poor and weary, Find enrichment in the stall; Come in sorrowing and in meekness, His Spirit will enlighten you; Heavy ladened hurry now, Unload your burden in Heavens’ hall.
12. Weak of mind, cry out the notice, Look ye there now at your Lord; He who will end all our sorrows, Came down here to save us all; So we may evermore rejoice, By His merit in Heavens Home.
13. Good news there is for all the fearful, The demanding staff is broken now; In this freedom, be now joyful You are in His blissful rest; Jesus beckons you to peace, With His voice and love so sweet.
14. Oh, ye Warrior, now has ended, The fierce and heavy battle old; A place of rest so sweet and peaceful, From the law that sadly bound; Now we can with joy rejoice, And may Grace and Mercy own.
15. Believers now in Faith do enter, The Baby Jesus to embrace; Bring your heavy heart unto Him, A place for Him to linger e’er; Forever then, the Christmas feast, In your heart will never cease.
16. Jesus, who this feast has started, Will also yet renew it still; When from this dark land of sorrow, Your lowly Bride, you will take Home; To the New Jerusalem, To the Heavens wedding hall.
17. On the way dear Jesus precious, Always keep your Bride prepared; Keep your mercy overflowing, So our lamp will burning stay; ‘Till the wedding feast will start, And the Holy Guests don’t part.
412 Yes, Even A Sinner Like Me
1. All His blood was shed upon the cross, And then water flowed from His side; The great price of our own salvation, And forgiveness of our sins.
2. Our sins are then all washed away, No more that cross to bear; Forgiven and forgotten now, From the cross on Calvary Hill.
3. Such was the gift to His children dear, That He gave up His only Son; A gift that no man can ever repay, Oh children, now rejoice.
4. Rejoice in His love and by His Grace, That He loves, yes, even me; Even I am worthy of His Love, Yes, even a sinner like me, Yes, even a sinner like me.

413 The Holy Spirit That Guides Our Footsteps
1. The Holy Spirit that guides our footsteps, Comes from God, the King of Heaven; The Holy Spirit that leads us homeward, Through-by Jesus it is given.
2. Dearest children, holy brethren, Do not let your footsteps stray; Eleventh hour is near descending, Look to Jesus, Him to pray.
3. Dearest Jesus, guide my footsteps, Unto Heaven’s golden door; I want the gift that God has given, Singing praises evermore.
4. Keep my loved ones in Thine Spirit, Oh, please God, don’t let them stray; Keep their eyes wide open, viewing, Ready for that golden day.
5. There is one doctrine, one Holy Spirit, And that comes from God alone; This earthly body is filled with weakness, Dearest Jesus take us Home.
6. Oh the trials and temptations, That abound to kill our soul; But God has promised us salvation, And a golden wedding hall.
7. Precious Savior, dearest Jesus, You suffered blood and death for me; Keep me in Thine Holy Spirit, Keep me safe eternally.
8. Oh God’s blessed Holy Spirit, Like a blanket of soft wool; It surrounds me, will not desert me, Oh my cup, it runneth full.
414 Now What Is There That Can Divide
(Trans: UL #40, Ken taida minua erroitta, Ylkani rakkaudest’)
1. Now what is there than can divide, My Bridegroom love from me? Since by His blood I’m purified, His Bride eternally.
2. No utter stress of any kind, Can frighten me herein; While in my Jesus I abide, In Faith to follow Him.
3. I am completely sure of this, That life cannot destroy; My hope of Heaven or its bliss, While I, His wounds employ.
4. But death will be my passport to, That blessed Glory shore; And there my shining Bridegroom dear, I’ll see forevermore.
5. No mountain here will be so high, Nor valley yet so low; That I cannot pass over it, As with my Lord I go.
6. Since He, this Faith has once begun, He’ll also see it through; And when this course of life is run, My crown is given too.
7. So all my sins forgiven, I’ll, Continue to believe; Awaiting angel hosts a while, My spirit to receive.

8. They’ll give the word for me to go, Away from sorrows shore; To carol praises to my Lord, In Glory evermore.
415 No Weight Of Clay Will Hold Me Down
1. No weight of clay will hold me down, To Heaven my soul is sent; And there my Father caresses me, My life on earth is spent; I journeyed here but a little while, Tormented by Satans rule; I did not beckon to his call, For I am my Fathers jewel.
2. I’ll shine now in my Fathers Home, Such beauty I’ve never seen; Gods masterpiece, He’s truly done, A Home for you and me; This joy of Heaven I never knew, As I traveled on earth below, But Father spoke to me, even then, Of eternal peace I’d know.
3. Now like a prisoner set free, From his bondage, no shackles I wear; My soul is given wings to fly, In His wind, with a song and a prayer; There awaiting me is the promises, My Father has given to me; All praises to Him and thanks evermore, Amen, shall His glory be.
416 So Ring The Bells, Ring Them Loud And Clear
1. So ring the bells, ring them loud and clear, Our Saviour is drawing nigh; Gods childrens doubts and evil fears, Will soon be left behind.
2. The devil’s running to and fro, He’s trying all the time; To consume Gods childrens precious souls, He tells us, they are mine.
3. but God reassures all His children here, Don’t listen to Satans woes; For I’m in your hearts, my children dear, I’ll guide you safely Home.
4. For Satans tongue is so wicked now, His lips confess of victory; Be troubled not My children dear, Jesus died for you and me.
5. The chains of sin bind me Oh so tight, They pull at my every move; But Jesus freed me in wings aflight, And all my wounds He soothes.
6. I sent My Son Oh so long ago, He died to set My children free; I soon will be sending Him there, you’ll see, He’ll bring you Home to me.
7. Fear not my children, I speak to you, I hear your every sigh; Just stay in My Word as I’ve written you, Your journey is drawing nigh.
8. I’ll ring the bells you will hear them clear, The eastern sky will shine bright; As I send My Son to deliver you, Away from the worldly fight.
9. At Home you’ll rest in peace so sweet, My Word will all be complete; All My riches I will bestow to you, My promises I’ll keep.
10. So ring the bells, ring them loud and clear, In harmony we will chime; Ringing praises and thanks to our Father dear, We anxiously wait our time.

417 Gods Children Here Are Waiting, Patiently
1. Gods children here are waiting, patiently waiting, Oh Father in Heaven, send us down Your Son; The time here is passing, dreadfully lasting, We’re anxiously waiting, for out time to come.
2. Satans ways are cunning, wickedly he’s running, Right amongst Gods children, to tear us apart; but Gods ways are stronger, eternally longer, Soon from this world, Gods children will depart.
3. For our home in Heaven, wonderful Heaven, Beauty surrounds us, blessed the, we are; Brides there promenading, joy emancipating, Home with our Father, He hold His children near.
4. In His arms we’re resting, contentedly we’re nesting, Wrapped up in our Fathers Love, our hearts all aglow; A crown He bestows us, a promise He’s owed us, Love from our Father, for His very own.
5. Gods Word leaves no confusion, only restitution, Clearly divided is Satan from our God; There is no other way, so believe in God today, Our sins forgiven in the, bloodshed of His Son.
6. So children keep believing, on that you’ll be receiving, What our Father promised, and sealed it with His Love; ‘Till the last day children, keep it as it’s written, In My Word I’ll guide you, My precious chosen one.
418 Oh Blessed Is Our Jesus, He Died For You And Me
1. Oh blessed is our Jesus, He died for you and me, :,: He suffered death upon the cross to set us sinners free. :,:
2. Our way has been prepared now, He’ll guide His very own, :,: On down the path of righteousness, the narrow road to Home. :,:
3. God’s everything I need now, He warms my chilled old bones, :,: He soothes my wounds and feeds my soul, then brings me safely Home. :,:
4. Don’t let there doubting be now, amongst the true of heart, :,: I’ll keep my promises to you, from here you’ll soon depart. :,:
5. The way has all been marked now, by blood-drops of My Son, :,: So have no fear my little ones, you are my chosen one. :,:
6. Just wait a little longer, in peace within my love, :,: The mansions I’ve prepared for you are waiting here above. :,:
419 Be Ready, Be Ready, Be Ready To Go
1. Be ready, be ready, be ready to go, We know not the time Lord Jesus will come. 2. Be ready, be ready, be ready to go, We know that the Eastern sky will glow.

3. Be ready, be ready, be ready to go, For we know not the time the trumpets will blow. 4. Be ready, be ready, be ready to go, We know not the time the white cloud will come. 5. Be ready, be ready, be ready to go, We trust that our Faith will carry us Home.
6. Be ready, be ready, be ready to go, The music is louder when He calls us Home.
7. Be ready, be ready, be ready to go, When Jesus calls us, on a cloud we shall go.
8. Be ready, be ready, be ready to go, From this cold world below to the shores of Home.
420 Come My Dear Child, Don’t You Worry
1. Come my dear child, don’t you worry, Come now, come Home to me; For soon we will make the long journey, And forever, forever be free.
2. You soon feel the beauty surround you, Love and God’s Peace everywhere; Soon you’ll see what you believed in, And forever, forever be free.
3. Today, Oh today’s the beginning, The day to believe Faith anew; Tomorrow may be too late dear, So each day begin anew.
4. Soon we will all be together, As one, in the arms of God; Safe from temptations of this world, And forever, forever be free.
5. Come my dear child, come now, The time is already here; The doors to the Kingdom are open, The beauty is yours to receive.
6. This is my gift to believers, Believers who truly believe; I have prepared you for this, Now is the time to leave.
7. Farewell to this earth below, Farewell to the unprepared souls; For the doors to the Kingdom have closed, And forever, forever be free.
421 Oh My Soul A Part Of God
1. Oh my soul, a part of God, Put in man right from the start; When God’s Kingdom was created on this earth; When the Kingdom Halls are filled, Door is closed and tightly sealed, Then You’ll come and get me Father, Take me Home.
2. Oh my soul, you’ll be free, Heard the call “Come unto Me”; This Great Kingdom has been moved to Heaven high; Breath of Father from above, You have journeyed in God’s Love, Now you’re safe, at last, for Father took me Home.
3. Oh, Dear Father, you promised to carry all the weak, So here’s my hand, please don’t ever let it go; You have taught me right from wrong, And You carried me along, So take me Home to Heaven, take me Home.

4. Oh, my soul is at ease, waiting here so patiently, For that final call, “My soul, come Home to Me”; And as you enter through the gate, need not fear, don’t hesitate, My Child, you’re Home in Heaven, safely Home!!
422 Oh, Let Me Fly Away
1. Oh, let me fly away, Give me my wings today; I’ll soar right off to Heaven, And there I’ll always stay; My heart is heavy here, Don’t know how much It’ll bear; This Child of Yours is lonely, Oh, let me fly away.
2. Oh, God, I need You so, You seem so far away; The devil tells me always, I’m not Your Chosen One; Your Word I have to keep, Believing It’s all true; It’s with Your strength and promise, That I can fly away.
3. That day will surely come, When I can fly away; All tears and sorrows vanished, And worries over who; Will meet You at the door, Share Life for evermore; Oh, I can come rejoicing, So let me fly away.
4. A brand new tune I’ll sing, I’ll lack of not one thing; God’s Love will there surround me, And peace will always be; Our souls united then, In joyous harmony; I just can’t wait to get there, So let me fly away.
423 Oh Listen Oh Listen
1. My Child, you’ve been placed in this valley of sin, But let not your heart become hardened by it; Remember the pain that My Son did endure, Believe on Him only, you’ll get Home for sure.
Chorus: Oh Listen, Oh Listen, please listen to Me, From birth, you’ve been chosen to come stay with me; I’ve loved you and nurtured your spiritual soul, So let not one thing come between this great goal.
2. My word, I have given to teach all of you, With the Holy Spirit, you’ll know it’s all true; You’ll then know the comfort and peace in My Word, And keep this faith precious, you’ll get your reward. Chorus:
3. A reward, so great, you can not comprehend, Of life everlasting, There will be not end; Of singing and dancing, your soul will be free, Your struggles will end, when you come Home with Me. Chorus:
424 Here Let Me Stay As A Little Child
1. Here, let me stay as a little child, I have so many doubts and fears; Keep me forever in your great Love, And reveal the True Word in my ears; For the world all around me is dying in sin And that I could get lost, is my fear; Oh Father Dear, please do hear my prayers, And remember to get me from here.

2. Here, let me stay as a little child, You have promised to carry me through; Your promise, I need to hear over again, And again, as this flesh is so loose; My tongue is so tight, it can barely reveal, All the thanks I should give unto You; Help me to stay in Your Word today, A single step, I can’t take without You.
3. Here, let me stay as a little child, Keep me small, so on You I’ll depend; Help me to follow the footsteps of Christ, That were walked for the sins of all men; Why I’m entitled to such a great gift, Of Eternal Bliss, I don’t know; I’ll just hang on to this gift of Life, And just wait ‘Till you call this child Home.
425 Just Think How Lucky We Can Be
1. Just think how lucky we can be, A home in Heaven eternally; Oh joyous ones come Home to Thee, And then the glory there you’ll see.
2. Praises to our Father dear, He will bring us home from here; To His mansion there above, Guided by our Saviour’s Love.
3. Thank you God, our Father in Heaven, Thank you for this gift you’ve given; Never will we ever part, Joyous songs will fill our hearts.
4. Wonderful our God above, Gives this special gift of love; To His children traveling here, Wipes away our lonely tears.
5. Hallelujah praise to Thee, Glory there we all will see; Word of Love from God above, Children rejoice with Word of Love.
6. Just think how lucky we can be, Never more this earth we’ll see; Hallelujah and praise to Thee, We will rejoice eternally.
7. Thank you God, our Father in Heaven, For this priceless gift You’ve given; Hallelujah and praise to Thee, We will rejoice eternally.
8. No more sorrow, no more tears, No more worldly cares and fears; Thank you God, dear Father in Heaven, For this priceless gift You’ve given.
9. Children dear rejoice and shout, No more worries, no more doubt; Hallelujah forever more, When our Father opens the door.
10. Praise our Father who art in Heaven, For this priceless gift He’s given; Hallelujahs loud and clear, To our precious Saviour dear.
11. On our great Communion Day, We will hear the Angels say; Now the children are at rest, How lucky to have been so blessed.
12. Thank you God, our Father in Heaven, For this priceless gift You’ve given; We will rejoice forever more, Songs to You we Thee implore.
13. The devil will not get inside, He will have no where to hide; Punishment he will receive, Not for the ones who yet believe.

14. Lovely homeland we will see, Stars will shine there so brightly; Praises there we’ll sing and shout, No more cares and no more doubt.
15. God determines who gets in, He who repents their souls of sin; Beautiful land is up above, Waiting for children in God’s Love.
16. Amazing beauty you will see, Rapture there for you and me; Hallelujah and Amen, Sing and praise our God again.
17. What great fortune is in store, What great beauty on the shore; Thank you God for choosing me, For giving the spiritual eyes to see.
18. Blessed is great God in Heaven, For having all our sins forgiven; Land above is waiting there, We are all in God’s own care.
19. Spiritual storms will come again, Just rejoice and sing Amen; God is there within our hearts, Shielding us from flaming darts.
20. Merciful to one like me, Gave me eyes so I could see; Dear, dear God in Heaven above, Surround us with Thine precious Love.
21. Wonderful our God above, Will protect us with Thine Love; Taking care of ones like me, Oh how blessed our Kingdom must be.
22. Those who have left and gone astray, Pray for them until the day; Jesus comes to take us Home, To the blessed, gloriful Home.
23. Thank God merciful One in Heaven, For the precious gift You’ve given; Take me home to Glory Land, So I can hear Your Heaven’s Band.
24. God the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Spiritual One; Never shall we ever part, Never will love leave our hearts.
25. Past are day full of our care, Walk ahead and leave them there; Full of sin those days they are, Our Heaven is not very far.
26. God the Father, God the Son, And the Spirit, Three in One; Joyful are the days to come, When we will all rejoice as one.
27. Precious children do not leave, The gift is yours for you to receive; Merciful ones you must believe, And gain the Kingdom prepared for thee.
28. Jewels down upon this land, You are under God’s right hand; He will lead you to His shore, We will rejoice forever more.
29. Foolish worries, cares and doubt, Fears we can just do without; Come to Heaven where you’ll see, A Crown for you especially.
30. Precious loves to God you are, Remember He is not very far; Praise give to Him and soon you’ll see, The one who died for you and me.

31. Strength He gives to those who wait, Don’t fall asleep and lose your faith; Go to Him when you need help, He know what’s right for you as well.
32. Father, dear, what glory be? What Love you give to even me; What does your Kingdom there behold, A precious Crown of Thine pure gold.
33. Thank you, thank you Father in Heaven, He prepared a mansion to be given; Beautiful there we all will be, There together eternally.
34. Lovely, lovely bride to be, Glory, glory there we’ll see; Hope we have to reach His Love, To a home so bright and fair.
35. Gloriful morn when He will call, Beautiful dawn for one and all; Take His hand He’ll lead you there, To a home so bright and fair.
36. God’s work must be all complete, before our Saviour we will meet; Candles of light we must always be, So some poor lost one there can see.
37. Thank you God, dear Father in Heaven, Thank you for this gift You’ve given; Hallelujahs forever more, Glory be on His golden shore.
38. Life seems like it’s very long, And so far from eternal song; But hold tight we soon will part, And have you forever in our hearts.
39. Devil bothers all of us, Push him aside and do not trust; He wants to devour all of you, Keep your faith, God will pull you through.
40. God the Father placed us here, And He will keep us in His care; Do not fear my little ones, Joyful morn will have soon begun.
41. Lovely, lovely is His bride, Do not try this faith to hide; We must gather up God’s flock, And bring them home, safe on His rock.
42. Room for al He has prepared, This faith is something to be shared; Keep your faith He’ll see us through, For He has chosen all of you.
43. Just think of how lucky we can be, Oh joyous morn we soon will see; Rejoice and sing to our God again, Rejoice aloud and sing Amen.
426 Now Praises To Thee Jesus
(Trans: No. 234 UL, Nyt laulan kiitosta Sulle)
1. Now praises to Thee, Jesus, Dear bleeding Bridegroom, mine; Since from the path You saved me, Where I would have surely died!
2. And Thou didst then select me, Thy Holy Bride to be; Your Spirit does attest it, That I belong to Thee.
3. There’s nothing here to harm me, My Refuge close at hand; Away from here He’ll guide me, to Heaven’s lovely land.

4. In Faith as I behold Him, With spirit eyes I see; The shores of Home appearing, Through Jesus’ work for me.
5. From here my soul keeps yearning, Away from sorrow’s sting; Up to eternal Homeland, Where the Wedding will begin.
6. Yet here a moment longer, In Faith may I abide; Until the Bridegroom cometh, For His Eternal Bride.
7. I long for nothing further, Except to be with Thee; Forever to be keeping, The wedding Jubilee!
8. So praises to Thee, Jesus, For Thy enormous Love; Since on the Cross Thou told us, The work has all been done.
427 What My Jesus Says Is True
1. What my Jesus says is true, Eternal Life – He’s promised you; It is so easy can’t you see, A simple thing – is to believe.
2. What my Jesus promised you, He’ll never leave – He’ll guide you through; Believe in Him and all He’s done, He’s our Saviour – there’s only One.
3. What my Jesus says to you, Believe in Him – that’s all you do; he died for you that mournful day, To carry all – your sins away.
4. What my Jesus says is true, Eternal Life – He’s promised you; It is so easy can’t you see, A simple thing – is to believe.
428 I Must Let Jesus Take My Hand
1. I must let Jesus take my hand, And lead me to the Promised Land; I must stop trying to understand, And simply obey His every command.
2. This brain we have can’t figure out, How Faith can be such a simple thing; That even a child can enter in, The gates of Heaven with no effort at all.
3. Faith is the only key we need, To open the way to eternal bliss; There we will see what we’ve waited for, When the gates to Heaven are opened wide.
4. Our time here is so very short, We mustn’t dwell on sorrows here; But keep our eyes on the shining star, That’s leading us safely to His side.
5. There joy beyond compare, we’ll have, Our earthly bodies couldn’t stand; To know such joy and peacefulness, We’ll have when we enter that beautiful land.

429 Our Father Up In Heaven Beseech Your Children
1. Our Father, up in Heaven, beseech Your Children now, Send forth Your Words of Wisdom, And fill our cup – overflow.
2. You feed us Words so Holy, Your Love is all abound, Awake God’s children hear Thee, Harken Our Father’s call.
3. Remove the scales, Oh Father, From eyes to see Thee now, To hear with ears of Spirit, Your Love, complete in all.
4. According to Your Spirit, Your Word, it changeth not, Don’t trade for worldly honor, In shed blood, your soul was bought.
5. Now is not the time of changing, But believe it as it stands, Things are now as they should be, Written in Our Father’s hand.
6. Instead, standfast dear children, And heed my Love for you, I’ll keep My promises to you, Just keep My Word so true.
7. Oh, Father Dear, I call to you, Your Bride is ready now, Send Jesus soon to carry us, Home to our wedding vow.
8. Keep your faith as simple children, Guided by our Father’s hand, He will take you from this worldly end, Home to our promised land.
430 Isn’t It Most Joyous
(Trans. #197 UL, Onpa Hauska Olla Uskossa)
1. Isn’t it most joyous, just to stay in faith, And be the Bride of Him who in Heaven awaits? 2. Isn’t it most joyous, just to stay in faith, Gathering His drops of blood for our soul’s sake? 3. Isn’t it most joyous, just to stay in faith? Over all the world we have this victory so great! 4. Isn’t it most joyous, just to stay in faith, Knowing that a Home Above will be our fate?
5. Isn’t it most joyous, just to stay in faith, Soon to hear the thunder of His glorious praise?
6. Isn’t it most joyous, to face our final breath? When our name is known Above, Where there is no death!
7. Soon will fly my spirit, to the shores of Home, Where my earthly trials are forevermore unknown!
8. We will not remember, anything of earth, Only peace and happiness, and lasting mirth! 9. Even all my teardrops, will be gathered up, Held by God’s own angels, in a golden cup.

431 Satan Get Behind Me
1. Satan get behind me, I’m not your child; You have tempt and tried me, from our kind beguiled; I have but one Father, He takes care of me; All He asks His children, In Me, please believe.
2. Satan get behind me, I won’t follow you; Ways of yours deceiving, I will not be fooled; Father gives us wisdom, Keeps us from your harm; Takes us soon His children, Home into His arms.
3. Satan get behind me, you, I’m not afraid; In my Father’s armor, I’m secure and saved; Time is going faster now, Children do not stray; Tightly hold in Father’s Love, Keep His Word today.
4. Satan get behind me, War has long been won; Defeated you in battle, In bloodshed of God’s Son; My sins are all forgiven now, buried in the sea; Father did this long ago, Just for you and me.
5. Satan get behind me, you are not for me; Fruits of bitter anger, shown from your decree; Father to us promised, joy eternally; Thanks and praises to Him now, Let our souls be free.
6. Satan you’re behind me now, no more wicked world; I am free forever, as my Father told; Heaven’s beauty round me now, I am not alone; Children with our Father, safely reach our Home.
7. Satan you’re behind me now, no more cares and doubts; Brothers, Sisters long for, rejoicing all about; Joy and rapture fills the air, Jesus I can see; Father, Holy Spirit One, In you, I believe.
432 Jesus Promised You And Me
1. When the day is long with trials too, And you feel you can’t go on; Pray to God and He will carry you, Hallelujah!
Jesus promised you and me, and I believe, All my sins forgiven me, and I believe.
2. Time are hard, but think what He went through, To take away all your sins; Jesus Christ was crucified for you, Hallelujah!
Jesus promised you and me, and I believe, A Home for me eternally, and I believe.
433 When Father Calls His Children Home
1. When Father calls His children Home, Out from this torrent sea; He’ll rescue all His children’s souls, From Satan we’ll be free; He’ll gather us on Angel’s wings, Our Father says it’s so; We’ll fly on Home to Heaven’s sore, triumphantly we’ll go!
2. We won’t have time to say good-bye, Or bid this world farewell; In just a twinkling of an eye, Up homewards we will go; And there my Family waits for me, In gowns so pure and white; Our Wedding day, a jubilee, God’s Chosen He invites.

3. With Crowns from Father’s righteousness, We dance rejoicingly; As to the altar we approach, Bride, Groom, and Father; Three; The Ceremony then will start, Our Father will declare; Today’s the day you’ve waited for, My Child I heard your prayers.
4. Oh keep me Father in Your way, Your chosen to remain, Help me to know the truth, I pray, Your Child I want to stay; You’ve given Love and showed us how, I humbly thank-you now, My Father, Holy Spirit, Son, You are complete in all.
434 How Wonderful That Home On High
1. Oh, how wonderful can it really be, That Home on high God prepared for me; He washed away my sins for sure, I’ll wear a gown so white and pure.
Chorus: How wonderful that Home on high, Where angels sing with love and light; There is no death, we’ll live forever, In that fair land up in Heaven.
2. It is so wonderful, can’t you see, The land that is straight ahead for me; The pearly gates and all God’s children, It’s all so beautiful up in Heaven. Chorus:
3. The Bridegroom awaits us, He won’t dismay, A single child that’s on his way; It will be soon, please do not worry, If you turn away, you will be sorry. Chorus:
4. The children are so happy there, There beautiful crowns they get to wear; So I’ll see you there, try not to stray, If the devil tempts you on the way. Chorus:
435 Sometimes The World Weighs So Heavily
1. Sometimes the world weighs so heavily, Upon my shoulders, it’s hard to see; God’s love that’s shining even for me, I am His child, He’s not forgotten me.
Chorus: For we’ve been chosen to be His own, Not by good works or the deeds we’ve done; Our garment washed clean, In Jesus’ blood, Oh joy, my sins they all forgiven are.
2. And when I tire and lay on the ground, Jesus hears even the smallest sound; It’s when I’m weak in Him I am strong, Why do I worry, He’ll guide me along. Chorus:
3. It’s as a child that I will get Home, Why do I try to stand all alone; Indeed no credit to me belongs, My eyes were opened by the Word of God. Chorus:
436 In Jesus Alone
(Trans: #278 UL, Jeesuksesta vain minun henkent ain’)
1. In Jesus alone, My soul is at Home, In bountiful joy and peace; As in Faith I go on, Just singing a song, My soul is at rest in His love.
2. In Jesus alone, True Faith I can own, Which eases my spirit to rest; ‘Though the world rages on, And troubles my song, Yet the Spirit of Jesus is mine.

3. Though at war I must be, Yet a sure Victory, In Jesus I’ll always attain; With the breastplate of Faith, And the sword of the soul, Iron helmet protecting my head.
4. In Jesus alone, My soul is at Home, Which by Faith is revealed unto me; It is there I can be, So entirely free, With Jesus as my very own.
5. My sins which are great, Brought the cross for Thy fate; How great was Thy mercy for me; If my heart could but see, And always believe, I would praise Thee with joy constantly.
6. The work is all done, Completed by One, Who by Faith I am able to see; When Jesus is mine, Then my soul it is Thine, And Heaven belongs unto me!
7. Thus freely I own, My heavenly Home, The righteous ones sign of it here; And praise its’ great worth, Already on earth, As in blessedness we can rejoice.
8. The change into bliss, Will happen when this, Corruption is taken away; When I taste of the wine, At the wedding divine, Farewell to this earth I can say!
437 Oh Listen My Brethren Beloved
(Trans: #277 UL, Oi kuulkaapas, ystävät rakkaat)
1. Oh, Listen my Brethren beloved, How dear is this flock of His own; Who are washed in the blood of their Jesus, And peace for their conscience can own.
2. We have peace with the Heavenly Father, Our sins all forgiven, atone; And soon we will hear Jesus calling, My loved one, it’s time to come Home!
3. The leaves on the fig tree are bursting, is that not a sign of the end? For all of the earth’s raging turmoil, So clearly this message does send.
4. So lift up your head and stay ready, In Faith for the springtime is near; The day of redemption is dawning, When sorrows will all disappear.
5. The sighs of His children, our Father, Must hear as we cry here below; And soon will no longer abide it, But hurries to carry us Home.
6. For soon will the trumpets start sounding, Then even the weakest will know; How great is the measure of mercy, Which Father in Heaven bestows.
7. So wait my dear children, stay faithful, And never deny your best Friend; For Jesus will never forsake you, But carries you through to the end.
8. He bears us so tenderly Homeward, His arms are a refuge of rest; And the wonder is this, that a sinner, Like me is a child on His breast!
9. So listen, ye ones, that are fearful, If Heaven you’ll ever attain; Our way is already in Glory, The Bible, this fact does proclaim.

438 Oh Father Dear
1. Oh Father dear, remember I am here, Help me to stay, within Your Word today; Fragile is my life and so uncertain too, But, by Your power, I know You’ll see me through.
2. What would I do, if I were to lose You, I then would be, most miserable of man; Without Your Love and Your guidance too, How terrible it would be, if I should lose You.
3. So lead me on, wherever I may be, My life is Yours, because You’ve chosen me; Fill my heart with love and my mind as Christ’s, Oh what a happy day it’ll be when You call me.
439 Oh Little Child In Golden Slumber
1. Oh little child in golden slumber, Oh precious child, A Lamb of God; How sweetly rests your soul in slumber, ‘Til you’re awakened by our God; Then He will carry you away, Up to the golden wedding day; Where you will shine in Heaven’s glory, On God’s right hand, you then will stay.
2. Oh dearest child, as you lay sleeping, Midst all the anguish and the weeping; Your head lay cradled, ever safely; Against the breast of our dear Lord; And He will carry you away, To brightest homeland, There to stay; Where you will shine, in Heaven’s glory, On God’s right hand, you then will stay.
440 Jesus Come And Give Me Life
1. Jesus, come and give me life, There is no peace down here; The peace I have within my heart, Comes from my Father dear; He gives me strength and light to see, The way on which I trod; My family waits up home for me, Within our loving God.
2. Jesus, come and give me life, My flesh is filled with pain; The worldly tempest rages on, Their anguished pride, insane; But, as Your Child, I am free from that, Of Satan’s wicked ways; So please come soon, Oh Father dear, Send Jesus now, I pray.
3. Jesus, come and give me life, You promised this would be; Many mansions within Your house up there, Just waiting for you and me; If I should walk just one more day, Or take just one more stop; I’ll sing my praises and thanks to Thee, I know You won’t forget.
4. Jesus, come and give me life, Your Mercy, Love, divine; I ask forgiveness for my sins, You forgive them every time; You have given Your Chosen ones so much, yet ask that we only believe; In Father, Son, Holy Spirit One, And eternal life you’ll receive.
5. Work is done, my peace has come, Oh blissful joy, I’m free; My Father calls, come home, My Child, He’s beckoning to me; What glorious songs the angels sing, My heart rings out, I’m free; For peace has come, I am Home at last, Secure eternally.

441 Up In Heaven Waiting For Me
1. Up in Heaven, Waiting for me, A beautiful wedding a jubilee.
Chorus: So I’ll keep my eyes on homeland, For there I long to be; I’ll keep my eyes on homeland, Oh Father, set me free.
2. Angels sings of joy with Love, Rapture fills our Heaven above. Chorus:
3. Brides there waiting, The wedding to start, God’s Love vowed from heart to heart. Chorus:
4. Standing forth before God’s throne, Jesus is by me, I’m not alone. Chorus:
5. Brothers, Sisters teach children right, Keep God’s Word both day and night: It will keep your eyes on homeland, that’s where we long to be; Just keep your eyes on homeland, Oh Father, set us free.
6. One day soon He will gather us there, All His children in His care; Then we’ll be at last in homeland, we’ll see what we have believed; We’ll be at rest in homeland, Amen, It all shall be!
442 Salvation Through Jesus
1. Salvation through Jesus, key into Heaven; His Love redeeming, for us is given; Wonderful Works, He did just for us, He is our Lord and our Saviour.
2. Short is our journey, we’re heading for Home; Trials and burdens, weigh us down; Tears and sorrows, all left behind, When we meet Jesus, our Saviour.
3. God in the Heaven, Lord overall; Watches His children, ‘til we are called; Heaven with all it’s glory and light; Jesus our Lord and our Saviour.
4. Wonderful, wonder, In His precious deeds; Keeps us in faith, with works that we need; Divine is this gift, the manna from Heaven, He is our Lord and our Saviour.
5. That precious blood, that cleansed our sins; Jesus who dies, so we might all live; Blest is that gift, from Father above; Jesus our wonderful Saviour.
6. The Holy Word, that is being fulfilled; Evil and sin, corruption and ills; No need to worry, we’re protected by God, He sent us Jesus, our Saviour.
7. We wait the time, while journeying here; Depending upon, our Jesus so dear; We’ll dance and rejoice, In Heaven up there, When we are in Heaven with Jesus.

443 When Jesus Is My Blessed Peace
(Trans: #39, Finn Songs & Hymns of Believers)
1. When Jesus is my blessed peace, Then victory is my crown; Although the devil’s wicked hosts, Still seek to weigh me down.
2. My Jesus soon will carry me, Before the Mercy seat; And then I’ll sing my praise to Him, And worship at His feet.
3. Down here my tongue is slow to thank, Within this house of clay; But, soon my spirit will take flight, From earthly storms, away.
4. No tribulation can beset, The Bride of Jesus, there; My earthly tongue no longer mute, Freed from corruption’s care.
5. Our Jesus still revives His flock, With His own blood divine; The ones that He redeemed from earth, By giving up His Life.
6. Beside that ever flowing stream, Our lives are pure and blest; And soon my eyes will close in peace, Into Eternal rest.
7. Now, Amen I will say in hope, That soon the time, so fair; Will come when I can see my Lord, And sing His Praises there.
444 He Heard The Trumpets Sounding
1. He heard the trumpets sounding, He saw His Saviour’s face; He knew his time had come, to, Stand before the Throne.
Chorus: He’s singing with the Angels, He’s dancing with the Lord; Oh I can’t wait to join them, In that place prepared for me.
2. Just keep on believing, Our time is coming soon; When we can hear that trumpet sound, And our call to come home. Chorus:
3. This battle’s getting harder, but the victory will be; Greater than, anyone can, Completely comprehend. Chorus:
4. So hold on to your Faith, and, At home we all will be; In that mansion that is, Prepared for you and me. Chorus:
445 When God Calls Me I’ll Go
1. When God calls me, I’ll go, To that glorious Home; Where believers will greet, each and all of His own.

2. When this sin weighs you down, And you feel there’s no hope; Just look for God’s hand, And He’ll guide you toward Home.
3. When my life, here is done, And I leave this old land; I will be safe in Heaven, In God’s promised land.
4. Just believe in His Word, That is all you must do; And He’ll keep you and protect you, All the way to the end.
5. So believers, I say, There is no other way; But to trust in the Lord, Until salvation day.
446 We’re Not Alone As We Travel
1. We’re not alone as we travel down here on earth, He is constantly at our side; Not once will He leave us alone in this fight, Just as long as we believe – Just as long as we believe.
2. Though at times our struggles mount in our path, And our spirit grows somewhat blind; He will show us the Light that will clear our path, Just remember to look for the Light – Just remember to look for the Light.
3. So children of God let us rejoice, For we know He is at our side; Always ready to lift us as we fall, Such forgiveness comes from the Cross – Such forgiveness comes from the Cross.
4. The key of Grace, yes, forged in the blood of our Christ, Opened wide the gates of Home; Come in all My Children, Our Father will call, Blessed children, His Chosen Ones – Blessed children, His Chosen Ones.
5. Just remember our Saviour died on the cross, Every blood drop shed for our sins; Let’s rejoice in the Love and this gift of Life, For this, He was crucified – For us, He was crucified.
447 So Often On This Road Of Life I Stumble
1. So often on this road of life, I stumble, fall and lose the way; But, Jesus is right there to guide, Me, to a Home, eternally mine.
2. The way is rough and without His help, So we must keep Him ever close; He is so strong when we are weak; He’ll see, we reach that golden gate.
3. The devil’s getting desperate now, He knows his time is getting short; To sneak another believer from, The flock that’s up to Heaven bound.
4. The Children of God must hold on tight, And follow that bright guiding Light; It’ll lead them to that glorious shore, Where they’ll rejoice forevermore.
448 I’ll Abide Awhile Longer
1. I’ll abide awhile longer in Your Grace here Lord; While I wait for my Heavenly Home; At times in this struggle of life I may find, A glimmer of that precious reward.

Chorus: Please stay by my side as I walk on my way, Hold my hand as I travel this land; Be my companion and don’t let me stray, I’ll be led by Your heavenly band.
2. The music so sweetly beguiles my poor soul, And prepares me for Heaven above; I want to go home, but here I’m to stay, So I’ll bask in the glow of Your Love. Chorus:
3. Just one more day on this earth I must bide, As the tempests around me swell; ‘Til that morn I am whisked like a leaf in the tide; With the choir of angels and bells. Chorus:
449 Each Morn We Arise
1. Each morn we arise to a brand new day, But troubles may take us along the way; We need to hang on to the Word that is true, It will guide us through this Faith on the path that is true.
Chorus: Just trust in God each single day, Just trust in God, He will show you the way; Give Him your hand, He will see you through; Just trust in God, that is all we can do.
2. When brethren fall and give up His Word, We grieve for them all, Oh, it seems so absurd; Then we look up to Him who gives us life, And He pulls us through the hardship and strife. Chorus:
3. My life seems so lonely, at times I might fall, I try to find comfort, but find none at all; Then Jesus sends loved ones to sit by my side, In Him I’m not lonely, In Him I’ll abide. Chorus:
4. Now briefly for this day I find content, By tomorrow I’ll pro’bly not know where it went; But then I’ll remember what God means to me, I need not be alone, He is there lovingly. Chorus:
450 Have No Fear My Bride Beloved
(Trans: #196 UL, Alä Pelkää Morsiameni)
1. Have no fear, my Bride beloved, Though you’re sad and weary too; I am truly your Good Shepherd, In my arms I’ll carry you.
2. I will lift the tired and fainting, On my breast to rest awhile; And upon the thirsting spirit, Pour the oil of Love divine.
3. So that for a moment longer, you can take one step ahead; Since so many sorrows try you, On the wilderness you tread.
4. Rest in peace, no fear can harm you, On My breast eternally; Let your heart be open ever, As a dwelling place for me.
5. Have no fear, my Bride beloved, Even though you feel alone; At a moment that you know not, I will come to bring you Home.
6. Then in Heaven I’ll adorn you, With a golden crown that’s light; And bequeath to you the Kingdom, Which by faith becomes your right.

7. Wait for yet a moment longer, Faithfully, through worn with care; Soon you’ll enter into Glory, Wedding jubilee to share.
8. Therefore, to my Jesus, dearest, I will carol joyfully; Since my spirit leaps in praises, For the Love you give to me.
9. Soothing comfort of Thy Spirit, Satisfies this yearning heart; Since my dearest friend, my Jesus, Has become of me a part.
10. And I care to know of nothing, Else besides, but that I’m Thine; And the time is soon approaching, When eternal joy is mine.
451 Along This Way Along This Way
1. Along this way, along this way, In darkness and in strife, I hear it often spoken, Truthfully unbroken, Once it’s over, once it’s over, We will be at Home.
2. Those who truly, those who truly, Separate themselves, From all works of folly, Follow Jesus only, They will surely, they will surely, Reach the Golden Shore.
3. Where all is new, where all is new, And warmly shines the Sun, From His throne of glory, As we sing our story, Jesus led us, Jesus led us, To the Promised Land.
4. Oh, we will sing, Oh, we will sing, Sweet songs of praises pure, Traveling birds are nesting, With the angels resting, Eternally, eternally, With sunshine everywhere.
5. Where the lowly, where the lowly, See their own true worth, Jesus paid so dearly, Paved our way so clearly, He shed His blood, He shed His blood, To bring God’s love to us.
6. Along this way, along this way, As I travel slowly, I listen so intently, And think it over gently, Just how few, just how few, Believe in God’s true Word.
7. We lucky few, we lucky few, From all of the earth’s millions, Travel our narrow highway, Not looking for the byway, For we know, for we know, The way is Jesus Christ.
8. When we carry, when we carry, Loads of earthly care, Our strength will not uphold us, Trust in Him, He told us, Remember this, remember this, There is no need to die.
9. Hope of Heaven, Hope of Heaven, Never cast aside, Hopefully we wonder, Waiting from up yonder, Rains of Mercy, rains of Mercy, From the hand of God.
10. Straight and narrow, straight and narrow, Is the road prepared, Left and right are closing, On us and imposing, Words of poison, words of poison, For a Child of God.
11. All believers, all believers, On Life’s battleground, Find a sanctuary, And a Friend who’ll carry, Weak and wounded, weak and wounded, Ones in arms of Love.
12. Leaning always, leaning always, On the Word of God; Enlightened by His Spirit, Believing as we hear it, Living water, living water, For the souls that thirst.

13. To our Saviour, to our Saviour, Honor and esteem, With His love sustaining, Keeping us remaining, Within His Grace, within His Grace, To bring us safely Home.
14. Yet once more, yet once more, We pray unto our God; By Thy Holy Spirit, Grant us grace within it, So that so many, so that so many, Could behold Thy Love.
15. Holy Spirit, Holy Spirit, One true Lord and God; By Thy mercy mighty, And Thy spirit’s power, Blow upon them, blow upon them, Wake them from the dead.
16. To be living, to be living, In the Word of God; Faithfully to travel, Homeward then to travel, All together, all together, Praises then to sing.
452 This Faith That God Has Given Us (Tune #99, Come Soon Beloved Jesus)
1. This Faith that God has given us, So simple and so true; To believe our sins forgiven, And each day is anew.
2. As we travel through life’s journey, We struggle and we crawl; Our God is there to lift us, With His loving arms so strong.
3. He promised He will carry, The weakest of the flock; Though scattered through life’s journey, To Home, we’ll all be brought.
4. If we stay His child forever; His promise He’ll see through; Though the devil and his angels, Like trying to tempt you.
5. Keep Jesus as your Saviour, Believe this Word so true; For one day we’ll see Heaven, And this Saviour’s face anew.
6. We’ll have a brand new body, So perfect for our God; We’ll sing a song so beautiful, And praise Him as we ought.
7. He’s chosen us, His children, And given us His Son; So that we, His flock of children, Can be cleansed from all our sins.
8. Soon Jesus will be coming, To take us to our Home; We will see our Father, who has, Kept us on this road.
9. So don’t let the devil’s treasures, Carry you away; Stay right where you are standing, Our Jesus won’t delay.
10. When we have entered Heaven, only joy will our hearts know; No fears or sorrows ever, How our cups will overflow.

453 Bride Of Jesus Patiently
(Trans: #148 UL, Oottele Jeesuksen morsian)
1. Bride of Jesus, patiently, Wait one moment longer! Soon your Wedding will begin, Eternally up yonder.
2. On the tree of life are born, Blossoms bursting, lovely! Thus the harvest of the Lord, Ripened is and ready.
3. Soon this golden store of grain, Angels will by reaping, Homeward then the flowers too, Jesus will be keeping.
4. Heaven’s music then resounds, As these souls awaken! And the Bride up through the clouds, To Glory will be taken.
5. Then with wondrous power great, The birds of passage winging, Even those who mocked them once, Will hear their raptured singing.
6. Greater than the multitudes, Of stars beneath the heaven, Are the saved ones singing praise, Hallelujah! Amen!
7. The Bride adorned in wedding gown, Like the sun is shining, Even though of sorrow’s cup, She tasted often, sighing.
8. Tears of longing then are dried, From her eyes forever, Looking on her Bridegroom’s face, Eternally and ever.
9. From the mercy river wide, She will taste of Glory, At the lavish Wedding feast, Tell redemption’s story.
10. All the Holy Angel throngs, Wait upon the Wedding, All the guests are filled with joy, Golden crowns exchanging.
11. Then with voice of mighty joy, All of summer’s swallows, Leave this stormy earth at last, Praises then to warble.
12. Then even I will praise my Lord, My King and Heavenly Father, When with my Bridegroom I can keep, The great Communion Supper.
454 Like A Lamb Being Led To Slaughter
1. Like a lamb, being led to slaughter, Fears of killing my poor soul; Pleasures of this world are tempting, Taking children off this road.
2. It may seem like it’s not important, To keep God as number One; Devil’s dens are filled with sly ones, Even say they have a god.
3. But Our God is not divided, There’s but One True Spirit too; Test the Doctrines that seem proper, With the Word of God, that’s true.

4. This true faith is so important, Without it we will surely die; Spiritual death will last forever, In burning hell with devil’s kind.
5. Let’s think twice and let’s remember, Why we’re put upon this earth; We’ve been chosen by our Father, To keep his word and share his love.
6. I want to stay in this blessed sheepfold, No matter what the worldly think; You promised, Lord, to be the Shepherd, Lead your lambs to eternal peace.
7. When this mortal life is ended, And we’re placed in mother earth; Then we’ll wait ‘neath God’s great altar, For the call, My blessed, come home.
455 He Gives Us Life
1. He gives us life, he gives us love, he gives us heaven up above. He gives us hope, he gives us pain, he gives us everything we gain. Where would we be without God?
2. He gives us night, he gives us day, he is the light that guides our way. He is the stars, he is the sky, he is our answer from up high. Where would we be without God?
3. He gave his Son, the only one, He took our sin, that’s what he’s done. Now we are free, he said it’s so. And up to heaven we will go. Oh, where would we be without God?
456 Twas Adam’s Condition
1. Twas Adam’s condition in righteousness, Whom God created in his own image; In the Garden of Eden he set him to dwell, And yet with his word his blessing he brings.
2. And in his heart there would have been sweet peace, But always the enemy came to tease; And when God’s word he started to doubt, Then the good and the evil he came to find out.
3. Also the promise of cure is in his word, All was fulfilled by the work of his Son; So all who would accept his mercy to take, And his righteousness to own just by faith.
4. When the children of Israel started to doubt, Then Moses in faith extended his staff; When I get so faint in battling this world, In weakness I sit in my bridegroom’s lap.
5. No healing was found in this wilderness road, Only looking on the serpent believing in faith; Our blessedness still is only in faith, That Jesus achieved for us all by his death.
6. He does not remind us of our great sinfulness, And does not care for the best of our works; he tells us that we must believe in his word, That always will stay from beginning to end.
457 For The Trials Of The Flesh
1. For the trials of the flesh that we must endure, I pray for the strength from thee once more; The burdens I now carry seem too great a test, Only trust in my Savior will give me rest.

2. My heart has been saddened by griefs, misery, At times I wonder if I still clearly see; For this I must pray that your strength now be sent, That I lose not this faith so dear to my heart.
3. Clear is the path of those gone before, They are not lost but at heaven’s door; God hears them knocking and will soon let them in, Pray for that day when we’re all there with Him.
4. Fear not the losses we see of this world, Trust in our God who carries our load; With Him all the trials will soon be behind, Rejoice ever more in his love and his word.
5. Sing now my children, sing praises of thee, Pray for the strength we need to believe; He’ll take care of his children with love tenderly, Safe in his word, God’s peace they will see.
458 I Need Your Strength
1. I need your strength, it’s all I have, I have nothing to give of my own; All the good that I do, I owe directly to you, Without you I’d be lost and alone.
2. Struggle I do when I control the ways of my life’s darkened road; The crooked path that I take begins to crumble and quake, And I’m slowed by an increasing load.
3. Each weary step takes all I have and I wonder how I will survive; I always want what is right, yet I struggle and fight, And I lose sight of which I do strive.
4. Then bruised, I fall, weak and alone, Then crying there lying in pain; I remember you’re there and send my silent prayer, Then I’m carried by Jesus again.
5. I need your strength, it’s all I have, I have nothing to give of my own; All the good that I do, I owe directly to you, Without you I’d be lost and alone.
459 I Wish I Could Be With You
1. I wish I could be with you, My struggles on earth would be through; No sorrows, no suffering ever, My body would be brand new.
You garden with flowers waving, In the heavenly breeze of your love; My eyes forever gazing, On those beautiful fields up above.
Chorus: Take me home, take me home, please don’t say, “In awhile.” Take me home, let me sit by your side; Take me home, take me home by the beautiful shore; In that garden I want to abide.
2. This promise you’ve given your children, Will just have to see us through; The vision of life everlasting, Is the key that was given by you.
So I’ll wait for the day I so long for, Finally freed, I will leap and rejoice; Hallelujah! Hosanna! Eternal. What I feel I’ll be able to voice. Chorus:

460 I Often Wake Not Knowing
1. I often wake not knowing where I start or end, I feel confused, I know not who is foe or friend; But then a comforting song is whispered in my ear, The path is straightened and my sight is clear.
Chorus: So give me comfort every waking moment, Please don’t leave me lonely, I feel so afraid; Please stay beside me, Let Your footsteps guide me, Sing that song beguiling, leading me along.
2. Sometimes in life my struggles seem so very long, My voice is weak and cannot seem to sing this song; But then my Jesus reaches down His loving hand, And I find comfort even in this land. Chorus:
3. Why must we struggle right up to the very end, I ask this question often of Jesus, my friend; And then He answers, “Do not fear, my child so, The answer’s not always for you to know.” Chorus:
461 Oh Mother, You’re Gone Now
1. Oh mother, you’ve gone now, With Jesus, home to stay; He welcomed you in open arms, He’s taken you today.
2. Your children find comfort, In God’s promise, oh, so true; His promise of eternal life, that He has shown to you.
3. Your struggles are gone now, Forever washed away; Forgiven and forgotten, No more to bend and sway.
4. And when He comes for us, Upon that pure white cloud; We’ll join you forever, Where we may praise aloud.
5. So listen, dear children, Oh, please don’t cry so here; She’s waiting on God’s golden shore, For her loved ones to appear.
6. It’s just a little longer, Our trials will soon end; If we hang onto our Savior’s hand, Our joy will never end.
7. Just listen, dear children, The trumpets soon will blow; The time is coming, hasten Lord! To heaven we will go.
8. Oh, mother is so lovely The smile she wears today; Is for the bridegroom by her side, It shall never fade away.
9. So listen, dear children, Let God wipe away your tear; He will guide your travels through this life, So you need not ever fear.

462 Although In Life There’s Often Pain
1. Although in life there’s often pain, My love for you will always reign; Your songs of joy will fill the air, Hallelujah! You are there.
2. I’ll thank you, Lord, for everything, Your love and praise I’ll always sing; You give me peace, you fill my prayer, Hallelujah! You are there.
3. At times I know my strength does fail, I’m overwhelmed by wind-swept gale; My life is more than I can bear, Hallelujah! You are there.
4. Oh, keep me safe in your strong arms, Give me peace, Keep me from harm; Your tender face is Oh, so fair, Hallelujah! You are there.
5. Now on this road, Lord, as I do, I trudge along, My steps are slow; Your songs of hope will fill the air, Hallelujah! You are there.
6. Oh, thank you, Lord, again I’ll sing, Oh, thank you, Lord, for everything; Until I hear your loud fanfare, Hallelujah! You are there.
463 Let God Hold Onto You, Dear One
1. Let God hold onto you, dear one, As you struggle in your pain; He will carry weak and weary, As through him new strength we gain.
2. It seems all through life we weary, As we strive to gain control; But we struggle, hurt our loved one, And on all it takes its toll.
3. Oh, let Jesus take your hand, dear, As you walk on tempests shore; All your sins are being forgiven, On the cross, that load He bore.
4. As you wake in holy lightness, And your pain is there no more; You can leap through life eternal, Skipping lightly on golden shore.
5. Now please Jesus, bridegroom holy, Take this pain away from me; Give me peace and love eternal, Jump for joy, this gift is free.
464 Jesus Protect Me
1. Jesus, protect me, keep me safe from harm, Don’t let the devil snare me with his charms; Please hold me closely, keep me safe and warm, Always protect me from the worldly storms.
2. I need your comfort more than e’er before, Life’s little struggles have grown up into war; I find no comfort when friends turn away, I need to rely on your loving, tender ways.
3. Please hold me closely, do not let them in, I am so weak and I am full of sin; Please don’t desert me, I feel so alone, Come take my hand and guide me to my home.

4. So just one more moment, keep me by your side, Hold onto me tightly, Protect me from the tide; Life’s swelling waters are ever drawing near, When you are with me, I won’t ever fear.
465 Oh, Those Beautiful Brothers And Sisters
1. Oh, those beautiful brothers and sisters, How they comfort our hearts and they comfort our minds; Their wonderful smiles, God’s love shining through, Can repair aching souls we find.
2. Come and sit by my side, Give me comfort and strength, For my faith is so weak, I’m afraid I’ll fall; Oh, just let your love sound from my sister’s lips, Their comfort heals like a soothing balm.
3. When those warmth-giving words calm my trembling hands, When my downcast face rises to their eyes; How I see and hear the miracle – Of God’s promise coming true.
4. Now I bask in the love that is safe and warm, And I dwell in the harbor of true love; I am held so dear by that gentle lamb, Who watches – from heaven above.
5. Come and sit by my side, Hold me ever close, Send my sisters and brothers with your words of love; Let me know that I am forever your child, Let me rest in your arms for awhile.
6. For my struggles are many, I lose my way, I forget you are there, If I’d lift my eyes; Let me never forget of thy loving ways, Carry me – Give me strength, I pray.
466 My Struggle Here
1. My struggle here, it overwhelms me, The night is long and threats are near; Oh, Jesus help me make it ‘til morning, Without your help I’ll die, I fear.
2. Oh, guide my footsteps upon this journey, Please lead the way so I don’t fall; Into the devil’s dark, dangerous chambers, I need you guidance most of all.
3. I lose my way here in this battle, I look for shelter from my fears; I search in vain then, Oh! I remember, My blessed Lord standing so near.
4. Your outstretched hand holds life everlasting, What blessed peace there in your palm; Your fingers wrap warm strength around me, This comfort is my healing balm.
5. Oh, wondrous day, my own arrival, Upon that golden, glistening shore; When even I can stand beside you, The bride of Jesus forevermore.
6. So keep me safe, hold me right beside you, Keep me from harm, Oh, be my shield; My shining light, life everlasting, Through faith I see all is revealed.
467 When The Trumpet Blows
1. When the trumpet blows its tune, And the candles brightly shine; I will see the glorious morn, When all Heaven will be mine.

2. My dear Jesus will call, he will take me by my hand; And lead me home to be with him, I will see the promised land.
3. How undeserving is my being, How I wonder at the seeing; Of Heaven’s glory in the sky, In that glorious home on high.
4. Shining brightly in the sun, I am not the only one; I am as sand among the sea, Of the ones who still believe.
5. From Adam on through end of time, Heaven’s glories will be mine; All because the Son of God died for me.
468 We Are Candles Of Light
1. We are candles of light lit by our Jesus, Even thought he flame we have seems oh, so dim; It is bright enough to show and to let the worldly know, That we are peculiar ones knit in God’s love.
Chorus: So I’ll just sit and wait for you, dear Jesus, For I have no hurry or no place to go; I’m not sure of when you’ll come, Be it sooner or later on; But I’ll stay right here, ‘til you come get me home.
2. Even though we have friends who mock and jeer us, It’s because of unbelief and they don’t know; Christ is then re-crucified, When the word their hearts deny, And one lets this flesh deny him o’er and o’er. Chorus:
3. Oh, this flesh get so anxious and uneasy, That’s because the devil’s always at our side; So let’s all remember this, With God’s help we can resist, This smooth talker who makes everything all right. Chorus:
4. Now we know that God’s word has always told us, Of one Spirit that will lead us to the end; We know there’s a left and right, But we must keep eyes on sight, Down the middle of this very narrow road. Chorus:
469 Thank You God
1. Thank you God for the glimpse I saw of my eternal home, The earth was black, a light appeared as the graves released the souls; The angels led the believers up the rainbow towards the sky, Those left on earth with cold stone hearts shouted, “Why, Oh why, Oh why!”
2. I jumped for joy at the sight I saw and the voices that I heard, My doubts and fears are all erased, as Heaven is now right here; The angels sang a song I’d never heard in perfect tune, There stood my bridegroom at the altar, On my wedding day.
3. Believe today as our wait is short even though the trials seem long, God promised us a home in Heaven for our belief in faith; Hang on, dear brothers, do not stray, he asks we only trust, Rejoice, As we will one day soon be angels with our God.

470 We’re Never Alone
1. We’re never alone in this world as we walk, In his hands he behold us, In the Spirit he talks; He shows us the way, Then he leads us towards home, So we’re never, no never, not ever alone.
2. At home is my family rejoicing in love, As many as the stars in the heaven’s above; And sand on the sea shore, all will be home, So child, you’re never, not ever alone.
3. I’ll be right there with you as a Father should be, Holding my newborn embraced within me; Fear not, my child, you are safe in my hold, And remember, you’re never, not ever alone.
4. So my child, remember to keep in your heart, The words I speak to you, from my love don’t depart; Your mansions are ready, No more have to roam, Just remember, you’re never, not ever alone.
471 From The Olive Grove
(Trans: Käy Yrttitarhasta Polku)
1. From the olive grove there’s a pathway, Leads on to Golgotha; You’re guided by the Spirit, When on this road you walk.
Chorus: This road through the portals of heaven will lead; But this road full of trouble can be.
2. On this road Lord Jesus has traveled, With mercy dying for me; For this wretched fallen sinner, he died upon the tree. Chorus:
3. Oh, love great unfathomed, The pity he had for us; Our sins so great upon Him, Brought eternal life for us. Chorus:
4. Come to the cross repentant, You wretched sinner now; Receive from there forgiveness, In the wounds of Jesus Christ. Chorus:
Chorus: This road through the portals of heaven will lead; But this road may troublesome be.
5. You will learn a beautiful song there, That heavenly host now sing; Thankfully there to Jesus, For releasing us from sin. Chorus:
Chorus: He fulfilled the law that was death for us, On this troublesome road indeed.
472 That Christ Set Me Free
1. That Christ set me free and I know I shall be, With him someday up in Heaven; Though with sin so defiled, yet to him I’m a child in need of his guidance, he loves me.
2. I’m ready this day to be taken away, I’ll miss not the things of this world; To know my dear Lord will be my reward, I’ll sing of his praise so loudly.

3. Dear friends on this road, God knows of your load, A burden so heavy you falter; But just say his name, in that there’s no shame, He’ll come to your rescue, so proudly.
4. Though troubles we face and sins we have great, His mercy and goodness are boundless; The tears that do fall, he catches them all in a cup of pure gold, so lovely.
5. Just biding my time, just keeping what’s mine, Believing God’s word ever faithful; And no one today can take it away if I keep it as my only treasure.
6. Though strange I may be to those who I see, Beneath it, all there is beauty; For the faith that I keep in my heart endlessly, Of grace for my sins I am worthy.
7. No friends of this earth compare to his worth, So don’t let another deceive you; The price that was paid when Jesus was slain was meant for a sinner’s atonement.
8. Lest death be in vain, Keep Jesus’ name spoken amongst all God’s children; And let your light shine for all to divine, How precious this faith to believers.
473 With His Mother Watching O’er Him
1. With his mother watching o’er him, Ox and sheep there stand before him. Hallelujah, he is born.
Chorus: In a manger, in a stable, long ago on Christmas day; Lay a tiny, little baby on a blanket made of hay.
2. High above the heavens ringing, With a sound of angels singing. Hallelujah, he is born. Chorus:
3. Shepherds brought their lambs to greet him, Wise men journeyed for to meet him. Hallelujah, he is born. Chorus:
474 Farewell Child of God I Bid You
1. Farewell child of God I bid you, Now your travels here are done; Out of darkness Jesus called you, To the victory you have won.
2. All your sighs and prayers of longing, All your tears shed on the way; Jesus did not leave unanswered, In his arms you now do lay.
3. Trials, sorrow, tribulations, No more cause a single tear; And to all the world’s temptations, You have not a single fear.
4. Comfort by example shown here, Faith protects us yet today; We will not be left abandoned, Guided to that final day.
5. Then together all God’s children, Gather ‘round his throne and sing; Song of praise and mercy’s goodness, Happiness eternal ring.

475 God My Father, I Love You
1. God My Father, I love you, Help me too, down here get through; In your love I want to stay, Be with me, God, yet today.
2. Help me do for only you, Guide my way so I don’t stray; Forgive me for being weak, I’m just your lamb, So small and meek.
3. Shine your light from up above, In my heart you send your love; Feed me now yet even today, In your love, I pray I stay.
4. Help me see the right and wrong, Devil’s ways pull oh, so strong; Yet He’s weak compared to you, Power of love through me from you.
5. Gift of love, your family dear, Helps me through my trials here; Shows me love and guidance too, All that good comes straight from you.
6. You’re the only one for me, Home with you I want to be; Take me now while yet I’m yours, Set my feet on heaven’s shore.
7. Hold me close, don’t let me go, Give me peace, I love you so; Thanks for choosing one like me, Keep me yours eternally.
476 One Day In Heaven My Loved Ones
1. One day in heaven my loved ones I’ll see, There I will sing and I’ll be so happy; nothing will end my joy when I’m there, I’ll be in heaven to dwell there fore’er.
2. While here on this earth a crown of thorns I wear, But in heaven it will be exchanged; He’ll place a crown of gold upon my head, For my sins were forgiven by His five wounds which bled.
3. How happy I’ll be when from this earth I leave, Be thankful my friends, this is not a time to grieve; Your time will soon come when you are called home, When Jesus arrives on His cloud white as snow.
4. Sometimes on this earth you feel unworthy and low, But hold onto this faith, don’t ever let it go; You need the strength to carry on, Never forget you’re God’s chosen one.
5. Here on this earth there is nothing for me, When I’m a believer I have only one plea; To stay as God’s child in this world of sin, For when I am believing, life in heaven I win.
6. So continue on brothers and sisters in faith, Soon you’ll arrive in that heavenly place; When you arrive at the gate, the trumpets will sound, You’ll be so happy, there’ll be joy all around.
7. Rejoice now dear children, rejoice and be glad, Soon you will leave this wicked land; Never again will you have your doubts, Your voice will be glad when you ring out with a shout.
8. Now, when at home, you won’t have to believe, Your body and flesh on this earth you will leave; Devil’s temptations forever will cease, Your eyes behold what you have believed.

9. That’s what we believers long for each day, When we can go home, in heaven to stay; When Jesus calls us to come to rest, Then we can go home with all the blessed.
10. Hang onto this faith, yet one more day, Stay in God’s word, don’t let your footsteps stray; Faith is the key to eternity, Your reward is peace and tranquility.
11. When this earth is at war, what a comfort we feel, Soon God will open that seventh seal; Then this earth will start to burn, And for that day we believers yearn.
12. Dear friends, don’t worry when I am called home, Always remember I was one of God’s own; Continue in faith and I’ll see you at home, Keep straight on the path, From faith never roam.
477 What Joy To Be Your Child
1. What joy to be your child, Such comfort I have known, You’re given everything, There’s nothing that I own.
2. Today you give me strength, To get through life’s hard toil, The seed has taken root, In God’s tended, fertile soil.
3. Must water every day, Let God’s light shine down on me, So that tender, little plant, Can grow up into a tree.
4. The tree of life is waiting, With God’s angels standing ‘round, Singing praises to our Jesus, Sometimes we hear them on the ground.
5. Now let’s tend God’s little garden, Shield buds from birds of prey, So one day they’ll bloom in heaven, Hallelujah! Then we’ll say.
478 Don’t Let The Troubles From Down On This Earth
1. Don’t let the troubles from down on this earth, Take you away from believing God’s Word; Don’t let the devil pull you away from God, Pull you away from the Word of God.
2. Though a believer may be led astray, Don’t go their way, Believe everyday; Don’t let the devil pull you away from God, Pull you away from the Word of God.
3. Tomorrow’s a new day, believe through the day, God will give you the strength if that day comes; Don’t let the devil pull you away from God, Pull you away from the Word of God.
4. God will take us when our day comes, We can wait for that day so believe Him today; Don’t let the devil pull you away from God, Pull you away from the Word of God.
479 Hard Is The Path In Which I Must Follow
1. Hard is the path in which I must follow, Many a time I fall; But Jesus cares for the weak ones who stumble, All I must do is call.

Chorus: And my heart it is singing, I’m filled with so much joy; My Jesus has lifted me once more, I just can’t stop from singing, The feeling is so intense, I must confess my love for the Lord.
2. Believers, while here we must help one another, Open your hearts to the weak; We’re here for a short time so pray for each other, for the pathway is narrow and steep. Chorus:
3. Husband and wife, love one another, Jesus has taught us the way; We must be helpmates and care for the other, God will then bless thee with love. Chorus:
480 Oh, The Jewels Of God’s Garden
1. Oh, the jewels of God’s garden glow in love, shining bright; And there with words unspoken, radiate God’s loving light.
2. They reflect his love and mercy that God placed upon their souls; They embrace in love and kindness knowing heaven is their goal.
3. They shine in love forever beaming brightly with his word; Lambs marked with loving kindness, Jesus’ word will then be heard.
4. His message of forgiveness, his death for one like me; The greatest of all sinners, and my soul he has set free.
5. Oh, the jewels of God’s garden glow in love, shining bright; Those jewels are the children who radiate God’s loving light.
481 All His Blood Was Shed
1. All his blood was shed upon the cross, And then water flowed from his side; The great price of our own salvation, And forgiveness of our sins.
2. Our sins are then all washed away, No more that cross to bear; Forgiven and forgotten now, From the cross on Calvary hill.
3. Such was the gift to his children dear, That he gave up his only Son; A gift that no man can ever re-pay, Oh, children now rejoice.
4. Rejoice in his love and by his grace, That he loves, yes, even me; Even I am worthy of his love, Yes, even a sinner like me, Yes, even a sinner like me.
482 A Child Of The Father
(Trans: Jumalan Lapsi Siunattu, Tune: The Children Of God #16)
1. A Child Of The Father, blessed indeed, Is like a newly-planted tree, Beside that mercy river wide, Which opened from our Saviour’s side.

2. Death hold no fear for the child of God, Who is planted so firmly on this sod, Believing his sins are all atoned, In precious blood which from Jesus flowed.
3. Though we are helpless, so often weak, In faith and in hope and in charity, The strength of our Father from above, Keeps us together in his love.
4. The children of mercy can feel so free, Resting in Jesus on Calvary, Where the power of mercy bears us up, Lifting our spirits from the dust.
5. This river of life from our Savior’s side, Such wonderful food of joy provides, that even the driest and broken cane, Starts to get green and to bloom again.
6. For lovely indeed is this garden fair, Which blooms for the children gathered there, Where the wine tree freely bears new fruit, Food for the spirit, rich and good.
7. Our Father keeps feeding his children there, With food fresh from heaven, delicious fare, And the wine tree of life ever blossoming, Bears the good fruit for our nurturing.
8. And there to our aid comes the mother bird, Warming our hearts with the living word, Protecting the fledglings in the nest, Keeping them safe from the world’s unrest.
9. Therefore the children their voices raise, To Jesus in honor and in praise, Because of his mercy which alone, Will crown us at last in our glory-home.
10. We can continue confessing his name, Even though weak and so oft’ afraid, And stay with our shepherd, Jesus dear, Brothers and sisters in faith down here.
11. The Shepherd will lift us upon his breast, Where all the weary can sweetly rest, As we follow the pathway marked with blood, Safe in the tender arms of God.
12. Gave up his life as for us he bled, Innocent blood for the guilty shed, Yet the love in his heart is still aflame, Granting us grace in his holy name.
13. The love of the elder is always there, Keeping the children in his care, The children he bore at Gethsemane, In utter anguish upon the tree.
14. If we should stumble along the way, Be wounded by sin even yet today, The kindly and gracious Samaritan, Will come to assist us once again.
15. The bride of Lord Jesus can look upon, A wise open heaven by mercy won, And sing of her bridegroom’s wondrous love, While traveling on to her home above.
16. The bridegroom is coming and presently, for the bride who is waiting so eagerly, To gaze on his face forevermore, And be with the crown of life adorned.
483 When The Last Sheep Is Called
1. When the last sheep is called into the fold, And the Word is fulfilled, as the prophets have told; Then this earth will no longer move or turn, It is time for all evil to start to burn.

2. When the lost child has found His way to home, And His spirit no longer needs to roam; Then we’ll all be united with Jesus, and then, We can praise our Father again and again.
3. When the last one is given His spiritual eyes, We can leave all our burdens – to heaven we’ll rise; Though here we are troubled, at home we will see, The reward Jesus promised to you and to me.
4. When the ways of this world go from bad to worse, Revelations come true as matter of course; Then the end is near, we can get away, To our Father’s care on that judgement day.
5. When the last child of God receives the call, Then no more tribulations upon us will fall; We can sing with the angels, our victory song, And the unbelievers will know they were wrong.
6. When the last poor believer is given a crown, Into glory we’ll soar – where there’s joy to be found; There is nothing on earth that compares to this, And there’s nothing on earth we will ever miss.
484 One Lonely Child
1. Oh take my fears away, Ease my pain and burden, Let me take your hand and walk with your, Forgive me Lord, Forgive me now, For my life is full of sin; Cleanse my soul, Cleanse my heart, Filled with your love.
Chorus: For I’m one lonely child, just waiting for you, Soon you’ll come to me, And you’ll set my soul free, From this world of sin, that hovers over me, give me strength to go on, Just one more day.
2. Oh give me peace, give me joy, in my troubled life, Wipe the tears from my face, Help me to start again; Take my hand, I’m reaching for you, Take my heart and my soul. Chorus:
3. Oh let me love, Let me walk down your road, Help me follow the right way, Show me love, give me peace, Fill my heart with yearning, Let me learn to live, See me for my soul, Wash away my sin. Chorus:
485 Blessed Beyond Deserving
1. Oh my Father, my God, Thank you for choosing me; I’ve been blessed beyond deserving, My heart’s filled with thankfulness; I hide my dirty hands, You take them and hold me; I fill my mind with shamefulness, You say my soul is free.
2. Oh my Father, my God, Thank you for choosing me; I’ve been blessed beyond deserving, My heart’s full of thankfulness; My soul longs for our meeting, You have got a space just for me, I’ve been given the most precious gift, You say it because I believe.
Oh my Father, my God, Thank you for choosing me, I’ve been blessed beyond deserving, My hearts full of thankfulness.

486 He Beckons
1. He beckons, “Come, my little one,” and holds His arms out wide, He comfort then His precious child to tenderly beguiled; No longer will you feel the chill of living in this land, Since Jesus spoke those tender words to hold you in His hands.
Chorus: So leave dear friend on angel’s wings above this land you’ll soar, Your work on earth forever done, God’s opened up His door.
2. Loved ones await, shouting praises to God, creator of us all, Who planned this day to welcome you before you heart the call; How can we know how beautiful this place prepared will be, Until we hear those wondrous words, “My child, come unto me.” Chorus:
3. Don’t fear for us down here below, God watches every day, No ripple on swift current swirls with His guiding gaze; You’ve earned your place among the throng of saints and angles there, Just trust we will be waiting here attended by His care. Chorus:
4. What glory we will someday see when God calls our names as well, To join you there in angels’ choir, amidst bright ringing bells; Together we will always be, singing songs of praise to Him, Who gave this precious gift to us, Hosanna and Amen. Chorus:
487 Hallelujah, I’m As Free As A Bird
1. Hallelujah, I’m as free as a bird, I’m leaving behind all the cares of this world; My Saviour’s called me to come home to rest, And I’ll live in the home of the blessed.
2. For many years on earth, I’ve traveled along, I was raised in the faith, I was given His song; But the sinful part of me kept pulling me down, And it seemed all I had was a frown.
3. Then Jesus whispered, “Don’t you fall on the way, I will carry you home on that great wedding day. The cares of earth will last for only awhile,” And His words gave me reason to smile.
4. Brothers, sisters, who are new to this faith, We believe the same way once we’ve tasted of grace; No one is better, no one worse than the rest, We share is the promise of rest.
5. And many loved ones who are not in faith, May still have a chance to be saved by His grace, It isn’t up to us to make them believe, But pray that His words they’ll receive.
6. The world hold danger but there’s no need to fear, If you call on His name, you will know He is near; By His Holy Spirit, you will find the way, you’ll be shown what to do, what to say.
7. And even if your faith does not seem strong, It’s enough to confess that you want to hold on; The strength to make it will come straight from above, With power, and peace, from His love.
8. So keep believing, if for only today, Then to heaven, you too, will be taken away; To join the others who have walked the same road, To that home of which the Bible has told.
9. Then sing; Hallelujah, I’m as free as can be, No more will I roam with this flesh chafing me; My home is ready and my Jesus is there, My heart is released from its care.

488 Jesus Is Surely The Light
(Trans: No. 292 Finnish Blue Book)
1. Jesus is surely the light shining purely, The sun of my life that warms the chill; The spring of love from heave, Which for my sins was given, To lift me from the dust as is Thy will.
2. Help me, dear Jesus by power so mighty, To lift up my soul from out of the dust; So that these dry bones of mine could yet surrender, And leap to God’s praise when He says they must.
3. My trust is in Thy merit, Thy mercy, which endureth, And speaks to my soul so consolingly; The source of peace within me, Although the world around me is raging like the sea of iniquity.
4. One I know is gracious, With mercy deep and precious, My sins are atoned in that boundless grace, This blessedness attesting, my sins forgiven, resting, In peace I can leave with a smile on my face.
5. Help me, dear bridegroom, By strength of Thy spirit, To carry me yet when I’m old and gray; So with a heart that’s happy, And light within Thy promise, Thy praises I could sing all along the way.
6. My abode is narrow, and storms will ever try me, The test of my faith often weak indeed; But Jesus is my treasure, In Him I’ll rest forever, His arms are a refuge in every need.
7. Thy spirit prayeth for me, That one day I’ll behold Thee, And see Thy bright face in its majesty; Thy love will be the treasure, This faith of mine can measure, And sing to Thy praise through eternity.
489 Every Question Has An Answer
1. Every question has an answer, In God’s wisdom it is there; But we may not need to know it, don’t despair; If it’s wisdom that we search for, then our minds become confused; We grow restless and befuddled, so bemused.
2. But when we rely on Jesus to reveal what we must know; Then the way becomes much clearer, it is so; Every sermon becomes precious, though at times we may not know; How our lord is working miracles to show.
3. Now the devil’s getting bolder, trying hard to win our souls; And He loves to see confusion, Tell Him “No!”; We don’t need to understand it with our human, feeble minds, But by faith we follow Jesus this short time.
4. Read the Bible, it is written for our guidance and our light; In these words you’ll find the truth, It’s our delight! And if nothing is revealed, then it is not for you to know; But say “Amen,” be content and let it go.
5. And the next time you are troubled and you feel like giving up, Turn to Jesus for that overflowing cup; It’s enough for you to utter, “Jesus Christ, Him crucified”; That’s the bases to obtain eternal life.

490 Of Jesus I Am Singing
(Trans: No. 293 Jeesuksesta Laulan)
1. Of Jesus I am singing, of Jesus, only Him; He who freely pardons my enormous sin, he who freely pardons my enormous sin.
2. He, my sins enormous, Banished in His blood; Took the wretched sinner in His arms of love, Took the wretched sinner in His arms of love.
3. Broke the net of falsehood, And those chains well-known; From the bonds of slavery, took me for His own, From the bonds of slavery, took me for His own.
4. As His child forever, His kingdom I will own; A crown I will inherit all through faith alone, A crown I will inherit all through faith alone.
5. I can go to live there, in those golden walls; In triumph I’ll be carried to the wedding hall, In triumph I’ll be carried to the wedding hall.
6. There before the Father, We gather at the throne; And even I will be there, The wedding is my own, And even I will be there, The wedding is my own.
7. There the children warble, Praises unto God; Jesus is the sunlight in that blessed throng, Jesus is the sunlight in that blessed throng.
8. When the hosts of heaven, Sound the trumpet call; Father’s band of children praise the Lamb of God, Father’s band of children praise the Lamb of God.
9. In heaven all is peaceful, With no accuser there; Hearts are warmed forever in celestial air, Hearts are warmed forever in celestial air.
491 We Do Nothing On Our Own
1. We do nothing on our own, It is God who guides us home, Leading us so tenderly, By the hand and we will see, His shining face above them all, We will hear the trumpets call, Oh, hallelujah we will sing, And the golden bells will ring, Our tender lamb will bring us home, Our tender lamb will bring us home.
492 My God And My Jesus
1. My God and my Jesus, Oh when can I go home; My heart is very lonely, I care no more to roam.
2. This earth and all its wicked ways, Are filled so full of sin; The devil hounds me everyday, That’s how I know I’ll win.
3. If this world didn’t bother me, I surely would be lost; But Jesus died to save my soul, He paid a mighty cost.

4. He hung upon the cross for me, And bled ‘til water flowed; He said “It is finished,” and gave up His ghost.
5. They wrapped Him up in linen, And laid Him in a tomb; A stone was placed before His grave, So He could not be moved.
6. But on that Easter morning, God caused the earth to quake; The stone gave way and on that day, Jesus went home to stay.
7. God said, “My son, your work is done, sit on my right side here. We’ll watch over our children, give them my words so dear.”
8. Children keep listening closely, god’s Spirit is right and true; One day we’ll meet in heave, No more feel sad and blue.
9. God will ask what have I done, To deserve all this so great; I’ll tell Him your son Jesus, Is the cause which sealed my fate.
10. Rejoice in heaven’s glory, We sing that endless song; The devil and his wicked ones, Forever will be gone.
11. Our brothers and our sisters, Who’ve died in faith before; We’ll see again in heaven, On God’s great golden shore.
12. My God and my Jesus, I know it won’t be long; you’ll take me up to heaven, On that beautiful dawn.
493 We Will Dance Around
1. We will dance around, and our feet won’t touch the ground, And the turtle doves will warble and the angels sing; And the sun will shine, and the bells will ring, When our Jesus comes and carries us away.
2. Little child of God, let Him hold your hand, Let Him carry you and wipe your precious tears away; Soon the sun will shine, and the bells will ring, And our Jesus will come carry us away.
3. Let Him guide your way through this evil land, he will hold you and keep your soul until the day; When the sun will shine, and the bells will ring, And our Jesus comes and carries us away.
494 Oh Let’s All Go
1. Oh, let’s all go together and we’ll hear the angels sing; Oh, let’s all go together and receive this wedding ring; let’s all wait for the morning when His arms are open wide; Until then, He will take us one by one.
2. Let us look to the Word and hold on tightly to this love; Let us look to the Word for our guidance from above; let us wait for the morning when His arms are open wide; Until then He will take us one by one.

495 It Is Good To Be Reminded
1. It is good to be reminded of the power of God’s love, As He guides our every movement from His kingly throne above. We are helpless in His dictum, We are in His hands alone, We will do His work unknowingly, Until He calls us home.
2. We are weak and often evil in this flesh that drags us down, We are hopeless without Him and don’t deserve that wedding gown. It is by His love and by His grace and by His charity, That we will receive this gift of life, The living Christmas tree.
496 Don’t Grieve For Me
1. Don’t grieve for me, I’m standing here, Such beauty I’ve never seen, While there on earth on my journey below, This glory had never been.
2. The sorrow you bear for a little while, Will quickly be whisked away, When Christ opens wide the golden gate to carry you away.
3. My earthly body never showed the joy now on my face, My life below is gone from me, Forever been erased.
4. What joy we have with angels here, In everlasting song, Our Lord’s prepared this place for us, Forever to belong.
5. My trials there are gone like smoke, Never to rend my soul; I’m blessed with peace to my relief, now kindly let me go.
6. Don’t think of death or pain or fear, Death is our birth up here, This gentle birth reveals the life of living in God’s sphere.
7. Please stop your crying on earth today, I’m so happy here above; Singing with the angles here, In everlasting love.
497 My Father’s Face Is Loving
1. My Father’s face is loving, and He guides me on my way; I can find my comfort from Him, He’s here with me today.
2. Oh, His calming words surround me, and they gently prod me on; So forward I can travel, I can take my foes head on.
3. My armor’s made of courage and my sword’s His guiding light; They’ll keep the tempters from me, I will be safe tonight.
4. So travel on my children, Please take heed from His kind Word; Although trouble lies around you, You’re safe within His fold.

5. Can you feel His love surround? Let the joyous comfort heal; All the wounds that festered open, Are now closed with a golden seal.
498 Peace Cometh From God
1. Peace cometh from God, I call unto you, Peace cometh from God unto me, My will is so weak, I’m praying to you, Peace cometh to me today.
Chorus: I know if I’d just let you lead the way, My life on this road would be clear. So why do I turn my eyes to my pain instead of my Jesus so dear.
2. Oh, why must this path be strewn with debris? Each way that I turn looks so bleak. I struggle to clear the way up ahead, But find that my will is too weak. Chorus:
3. Peace cometh from God to light upon me, Peace cometh completely, Believe. My will is to trust that He’ll lead the way and I can say, God’s Peace to thee. Chorus:
Chorus: I know that forgiveness must pass from these lips to truly believe I am free. Then I can rejoice as I go on my way and know there’s forgiveness for me.
499 One Day When I Fly Away Home
1. One day when I fly away home, This earth no more to roam; Rejoice and be glad then for me, For in heaven with Jesus I’ll be
2. My wish is my loved ones would know, The love that our Jesus did show; When He died on the cross at Calvary, From death and sin set us free.
3. One day when I fly away home, This earth no more to roam; If only you would too believe, You’d fly away to heaven like me.
What a glorious day that will be!
500 As I’m Walking This Journey
1. As I’m walking this journey, I feel so alone; Then His love words come to me, It’s time to go home.
Chorus: Then I’ll be home with Father, in His loving arms of grace. Holding me, His child, In His warm embrace.
2. Oh, so often, I struggle with Satan’s tempting pleas; Then my heart, how it rejoices when Father rescues me. Chorus:
3. I’m a blessed little child, who needs my Father so; When my work is all done here, Up to heaven I will go. Chorus:

4. All He asks of His children in only to believe; On the works that His son did, our reward we then will see. Chorus:
5. Oh I know time is nearing, soon Jesus will come; When our work is all finished, Then Thy will be done. Chorus:
6. Be patient, my child, keep my peace within your hearts; With fruits of love and forgiveness, From this sin you’ll soon depart.
Then my child you’ll be with me, resting in my arms of grace, And I’ll hold you, oh, so tightly heart to heart and face to face. Chorus:
Chorus: Then we’ll be home with Father in His loving arms of grace. Holding us, His children, In His warm embrace.
501 All Places That I Wander
1. All places that I wander, God is watching where I go; Not a moment I’m without Him, Everything I do, He knows.
2. Golden streets shine up in heaven, Love enlightens every soul; Stepping lightly as they glory, In the one who made them whole.
Chorus: So I must be ever watchful, Take the paths lit in His light; So on strange roads I’ll not travel, In the dark and stormy night.
3. What paradise we’ll enter, When God’s bugler calls us home; Notes so lovely, so enticing, Call us to His golden throne.
4. There we’ll bask forever thankful, As loved ones we meet again; Praising God, Sing Hallelujah, Hosanna and Amen. Chorus:
502 God Give Me Comfort
1. God give me comfort, I need you; Please keep me by your side, This earth has no sustaining force; I need you to be my guide.
Chorus: Oh, joyous day when I can see, The bridegroom coming just for me, His outstretched arms and wondrous smile, Oh, God stay with me just awhile.
2. You’ve promised freedom from my sin; It cannot enter in, The golden gate where Jesus greets, The bride to be with Him. Chorus:
503 Oh, She Heard Jesus Call Above
1. Oh, she heard Jesus call above, A message sent on wings of love, And hastened to her wedding day, A brand new name she heard Him say.

2. She leaped for joy, her time had come, Excitement pealed, she heard the drum, Oh wondrous joy8, eternally! My bridegroom comes at last for me.
3. And she can’t believe her eyes, As she shed her earthly guise, And steps into her wedding gown, And is adorned with golden crown.
4. She flies away on angel’s wings, And with a glorious voice she sings, A voice too beautiful and clear, A song of love to bridegroom dear.
5. There bridegroom meets her at the door, This place she’d never seen before, Where angels sing their songs of love, Praising our Father up above.
504 Be Thankful For Small Comforts
1. Be thankful for small comforts, Your voice is heard up high; God’s wisdom supersedes ours, He knows the reason why.
2. So why we keep complaining, All will is His alone; Take what comfort where He gives it, Have faith, He’ll see us home.
3. When troubles overwhelm us, Take heart, we’re not alone; For Jesus watches closely, This flock He calls His own.
4. Be troubled not, dear children, His will, will be our own; Seek comfort from dear Shepherd, Our sins He’s taken on.
505 Hallelujah
1. Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Is my cry. Be it in my heart or on my lips, it means I’ll never die; I’ll live fore’er in heaven, What more could I aspire? I’ll live my life as Christ’s dear child, It is all that I desire.
2. So thank you, Lord, for sacrificing your own life for me, It’s your great gift that sent my sins to the bottom of the sea; My sins can be forgotten, I can start each day anew, No devil’s words can trap me now, And it’s all because of you.
3. On angel’s wings I’ll enter a place beyond compare, Such stunning sights I’ll never see while on my journey here; My loved ones will be waiting and shouting joyous cries. Hosanna! Hallelujah! It will be before my eyes.
4. What a joy this promise gives me, it keep me from all harm. There’s nothing here on earth below to compare to Jesus’ charm; So play your pipe, dear Shepherd, forever in my ears, It’ll lead me to that shining shore, Be it now or many years.

506 Oh Blessed Children
1. Oh, blessed children chosen by our God; Heed His Word so precious, listen to His Word. We are prized as angels living in His love, Please don’t turn your back, Just turn your eyes above.
2. Oh, precious children, do not worry so; Troubles will befall you on your journey here; Long and dark’s the passage through this earthly storm; God’s loving hands will keep us safe and warm.
3. Don’t let other’s harsh words turn your heart to stone; Let it go as Jesus forgave tormentor’s thorns. They will see your light shine warmly from your eyes, This forgiveness from Father is our greatest prize.
4. So, little children, pray God to keep you small; Give Him all the credit, Heed His beck and call. Follow Christ’s example, living in His Word; our way is paid to heaven, This gift we can afford.
507 At Times God Seems So Far
1. At times God seems so far away, My faith seems weak, I start to sway, I curse this land so full of strife, I hate the pathways of my life.
2. But God is just one sigh away, I forget that oft and lose my way; I complain, I cry, I blame and fear, But then He holds me, oh so dear.
3. Why must this life go, oh, so wrong? Why can’t my life be full of song? Just like the birds up in the sky, They need not ask God, “Why oh why?”
4. Just trust my child, while on your way, Just trust awhile longer, pray; I’m holding tight onto your hand, To guide you through this troubled land.
5. If tempted not you ever were, Or trials did not bother you; Or strife was never in your way, I fear, my child that you would stray.
6. You are so precious, little lamb, My shepherd knows just where I am; And keeps close watch by day and night, To keep wolves off, you need not fright.
7. Just rest a little longer then, I will call, you know not when; Then troubles will not ever be, When you’re in heaven, home with me.
508 Father, I Walked With You Today
1. Father, I walked with you today, In each step, you held me tight and told me of the promises you’ve kept; Keep me yours, Father dear, Oh, keep me yours.
2. We are His children of the light, From our hearts, our Father shines His love for us right from the very start; Light my way, Father dear, Oh light my way.

3. Love one another for today, everyday, And believe your sins forgiven, then He’ll take them all away; Thanks to you, Father dear, Oh thanks to you.
4. We are little children in God’s precious family, We greet each other with God’s love in perfect harmony; Love from you, Father dear, Oh love from you.
5. Oh, what love our Jesus gave to us on Calvary, He shed His blood and suffered death to set us sinners free; Set me free, Father dear, Oh, set me free.
6. Struggling daily, keeping faith, His children sight their pleas; He hears our prayers and sends His love, He’s all we’ll ever need. Feed us now, Father dear, Oh feed us now.
7. Ready is your bride to see her groom, Jesus dear, With mercy arms, He’ll carry her away from all that’s here. Carry me, Father dear, Oh carry me.
8. Help me, my Father to confess my love for you, And do the things you asked of me, I know you’ll see me through, Speak to me, Father dear, Oh speak to me.
9. Wow! What a wedding it will be, then we’ll see, Our Jesus standing arms out wide, He’s beckoning to me, Take me now, Father dear, Oh take me now.
509 The Sweetest Song
1. The sweetest song that can be sung, Is caroled by children when they are young; A simple song about God’s great love, The sweetest song that’s sung.
2. The greatest gift that I can own, Is that I don’t have to be alone; I call on Jesus when in despair, He is already there.
3. The sweetest sound to reach my ear, Is the call “Come Home” from my Savior dear; “Your trials are over, it’s time to rest”’; The sweetest sound to hear.
4. The greatest thing, how can this be, That Jesus gave up His life for me; He gave His life so I can be free, The greatest thing to me.
5. The sweetest taste of joy, I’ve found, Is when believers are all around; We sing our praises, our fears subside, And in His wounds we hide.
6. The greatest day not far away, Farewell! To this earth, then we’ll fly away; We’ll fly to heaven, meet Jesus there, That day so sweet and fair.
510 Guide Me Lord
1. My heart sings for joy, In this troubled world I see; For while I’m on this journey, My Lord is guiding me.
2. As I walk along in this land, He lead me where I need to go; And my worries are no more, Because I know I’m not alone.

3. So guide me Lord, yes guide me, Through this long awaiting journey; And lead me Lord, yes, lead me, And then bring me home.
4. Keep feeding me your love, Fill my spirit with your blood; And I’m painless and content here, Knowing that you’re here with me.
5. I will follow in your footsteps, And praise the blessing you’ve given me; And no matter where I roam, You’ll be there to guide me home.
6. So guide me Lord, yes guide me, Through this long awaiting journey; And lead me Lord, yes, lead me, And then bring me home.
511 This Old World
1. This old world is fading fast, There’s nothing here for me, All that you have told us is coming true, you see. I am so impatient, Please forgiveth me, Home is where I long to go; You, I wish to see.
Chorus: Please be with me Father, in each step I take, Guide my footsteps to you, So new ones I don’t make. Hold me close within you; I don’t want to stray, Please be with me, Father, in each step I take.
2. Right is wrong and wrong is right, Confusion’s everywhere. Devil’s busy day and night, setting up His snares. But my Father, you have kept us, Taking care your own; One by one or all at once, Bringing us all home. Chorus:
3. Lambs we are within your care, Small and meek are we. Depending on our shepherd, Jesus set us free; Dying there on Golgatha, What love He had for me; Washed and cleaned my soul in blood; From sin He set me free. Chorus:
4. Yet a little while, I shall have to wait, To hear the trumpets sounding, And see the golden gate. You’ll be standing there, my God, and beckoning to me; Jesus will be at my side, What joy, I am received. Chorus:
5. Our wedding hall is ready, Not here but up above. Children all rejoicing and singing of His love; this day is what I’ve waited for, My gown is ready now. And me, His bride, And He my groom, We say the wedding vows. Chorus:
512 When I Get To Heaven
1. When I get to Heaven, I will dance about; My tongue will be free, I’ll rejoice out loud; My Father will be standing there with Jesus by His side; Oh how happy I will be, His radiant, lovely bride.
2. When I get to Heaven, this world will be no more; gone will be the devil and His wicked wars; In Father’s arms, His warm embrace, will fill my heart with love; Then I’ll be at home at last in mansions made of love.

3. When I get to Heaven, I can thank out loud; for these gifts of love He has given all along; His child I am, though weak and small, who needs my Father so; Hold tight onto this precious faith, I pray I won’t let go.
4. When we get to Heaven, His children, you and me; We will see our family, not one will missing be; The wedding feast will just then start with everyone in their place; I will meet my Jesus dear, I’ll see His glowing face.
513 When Jesus Comes To Get Me
1. When Jesus comes to get me, I’ll be waiting at the door, And I’ll be dressed in raiment, aglow forevermore; And I will boldly thank Him for the love He’s shown to me, When Jesus comes to get me, comes to set my spirit free.
2. When Jesus comes to get me, With my loved ones by my side, There’ll be no need for sorrow, I know they will abide; In that same protection that has carried me while here, When Jesus comes to get me, comes to banish every fear.
3. When Jesus comes to get me, I will praise Him joyously, And I’ll be so elated, God’s chosen even me; To be in heaven’s chorus, singing songs in new refrain, When Jesus comes to get me, comes to take away my pain.
4. When Jesus comes to get me, be it day or be it night, There will be beams of mercy, surrounding me in flight; And I will wear the white robe He’s bestowed upon my soul, When Jesus comes to get me, comes to warm me from the cold.
514 When I Feel The Light From Heaven
1. When I feel the light from heaven as it’s cast upon my face, I’ll know my work is ended and I’ll rest within His grace; Underneath God’s altar so safely tucked away, There I’ll wait for Jesus and the final judgment day.
2. Whatever we are asked to do as servants of this faith, We drop our net and follow him, it happens still this way; The ways of God are simple, no confusion of this clay, Just put your trust in Him, His Word is clear this way.
3. The talents we’ve been given are intended to be used, And the Word of God commands us to share these gifts of love; Through he obedient servant, His Word will be revealed, The world won’t understand this, They’ve been twisted from the truth.
4. When I feel the light from heaven as it’s cast upon my face, I’ll know my work is ended and I’ll rest within His grace; Underneath God’s altar so safely tucked away, There I’ll wait for Jesus and the final judgment day.

515 Precious Savior, Hold On Tight
1. Precious Savior, hold on tight to me, Keep me from sin’s dark iniquity. Send your loving peace to comfort me, Save me from the tempest of the sea.
2. I believe your love will guide my way, If I trust in you and do not stray. Hold on tight, please don’t let go of me. I’m afraid of drowning in the sea.
3. Precious Savior, ever at my side, Rescue me from swiftly gaining tides. Bring my journey to a peaceful end. On your strength I know I must depend
516 In Days Long Ago
1. In days long ago, there was a man, He walked on this earth, upon this land; His manner was meek, He was very kind; Only goodness in Him, could the people find.
Chorus: Do you know of this man so meek and kind? He is Jesus Christ, Seeking Him, you will find; Though he lived and breathed upon this land, Now from Heaven extends, His loving hand.
2. When this man was born, in a humble stall, A light was shown above, putting shepherds in awe; A Saviour is born! A gift to the world, They were yet to see, this life unfurl.
3. When this man was young, He was very wise, His parents were taken by surprise; “I’m doing the work of my Father above. I cam to this land to tell of His love.”
4. Thirty years and more, He was on this land, In the flesh He was tempted but did withstand; He spoke of God’s love, and instructions too, The people heard things they never knew. Chorus:
5. When this man lived His life, He was given a task, He had to do what His Father asked; His work He accomplished, the people could see, When this man was able to walk on the sea.
6. And another young man was put to the test, He took this man, as a shield on His chest; Believing in Him, young David survived, Trusting in the Lord kept Him alive.
7. When three men were thrown into the fire, It was the ruler’s cruel desire; But they opened the door, there were more than three, Angry ruler cried, “How can this be?”
8. Many more things He did that were miracles, And He often spoke in parables; So they would not rely on the knowledge of man, Taught them how to rely on His loving hand. Chorus:
9. There were people who did not like this man, To crucify Him was their plan; He had to pay the ultimate price, For the sins of the world, He gave His life.
10. Even though this happened long ago, It’s still important for us to know; Because one thing remains the same, It’s the reason why to earth He came.
11. He has brought us forgiveness, and love, and joy, Takes away all things that can annoy; Gives instruction and love, a safe place to hide, Keeps us from all harm, on either side.

12. When accusers taunt you, as in long ago, Let His light shine so they will know; That His life and death were not in vain, Who believes in Him, a Savior will gain. Chorus:
517 Listen, My Dear Children Now
1. Listen my dear children now, the sounds that you hear, Are telling you, “Be ready now, your Savior to appear,” And the sound’s getting clear.
2. Be watchful my dear children now, the things that you see, Are telling you, “Be ready now, the end soon to be,” But from harm you’ll be free.
3. Be careful my dear children now, the way you can tell, The safe ones you can gather with, By sweet fragrant smell, While on earth here you dwell.
4. Be ready my dear children now, the trials that you’ve faced, Are ended and of heaven’s wine, Your lips soon will taste, And all sins are erased.
5. Believing now, my little child, And staying in faith, Will stop you short from doing things that take you away, In my hand you will stay.
6. This earthly body was not meant to last very long; Content to give Him praises now, In deeds and in song, Show the world right from wrong.
7. Don’t panic now, my little child, The weakest in faith, Through Heaven’s door He’ll carry when this earth starts to quake, Not one child He’ll forsake, Now of joy to partake.
518 As I Start Each Day
1. As I start each day on this wearisome way, I don’t know what temptations will rise; So to Jesus I pray, keep the tempters at bay, Give me strength not to veer left or right.
On my way I go, Time seems so very slow, Spirit longs to be free of this fight within me; Keep me on your way, Oh dear Jesus, I pray, Give me strength to continue in faith.
2. I’m a stranger here, often traveling in fear, That I’ll give in to pressures of life; And I sometimes cry, I don’t understand why, Sorrow keeps me in torment and strife.
In this world below, I must pray as I go, As I struggle here, all the answers unclear; Trusting Him I find, from this world so unkind, He has given a safe place to hide.
3. So for here a while, I must face with a smile, Every turn of the road that I’m on; Keeping Jesus my light, every day, every night, shows the way on this map He has drawn.
I will sing my song, Just like those who have gone, into glory above, Filled with joy, peace and love; And when I get there, Every hope, every prayer, Is fulfilled for He’s kept me in faith.
4. Now I thank my Lord, He has given His Word, Not to leave any chosen behind; I am almost there, He will hear every prayer, And to heaven will take me sometime.

So I must hold on, In the weak, He is strong, Be content while here, There is nothing to fear; It will be worthwhile, every step, every trial, leads me home to my Father above.
519 The Tree Of Life
1. The tree of life, Puts branches forth, Upon the living tree; Who’s Christ our Lord, And Christ our King, And Christ our eyes to see; To see the land of beauty fair, That lies ahead for’er; He’ll carry us and tend our wounds, He’ll take us safely there.
2. Oh, precious child, Oh, weary one, You are the Child of God; He gave His Son, His only one, And on this earth He trod; For us He wore a crown of thorns, He rent the veil in two; He shed His blood ‘til all was gone; He bled for me and you.
520 Please Don’t Leave Me Father
1. Oh, please don’t leave me Father dear, I’m weakest of them all, I stumble on this rocky land, afraid that I will fall.
2. The sides are steep and far below, the devil grins with glee, He hopes to capture God’s dear lamb, he’s always taunting me.
3. His ways are never-ending, and he lays a clever snare. He hopes to catch God’s chosen ones by lurking unaware.
4. We must be ever watchful, follow our dear shepherd who, Will guide us up the mountain path to our provider true.
5. That wolf may wear sheep’s clothing, or bare cold gnashing grin, But when we stay with Shepherd dear, the wolf can’t enter in.
521 Thank You Father
1. Thanks to you dear Father, for loving even me. Amen! Hallelujah! I’m as happy as can be; This gift you’ve given me, I surely don’t deserve, But I will follow happily and willingly will serve.
2. My only hope and prayer is that one day You’ll set me free, To shed the shackles of this earth that seem to hinder me; I’ll feel the joy of my rebirth, I won’t be weighted down, No longer will I feel the weight of my perpetual frown.
3. What wondrous joy when I can fly to my new home with you, Up high, as light as air I’ll feel, my spirit will be free; This gift, what joy You’ve given me, such happiness I’ll know, No longer to remember all the tears I shed below.
4. There’s nothing that I need to do, just hang on to your hand, My Savior, my provider, my dear Jesus, friend of man; You’ll lead the way to journey’s end, I’ll always trust in You, Until that day at journey’s end, that’s all I need to do.

5. There’s nothing that this tongue can say to describe just what I feel, This glory that is given me won’t break this earthly seal; I struggle here to speak of which no words can e’er describe, The words that are reserved only to God’s deserving bride.
6. So let God’s spirit strengthen you, that’s all we need to know, There’s nothing else we need to do, take comfort as you go; Our God will lead our journey here as we go on our way, Just trust in Jesus little ones, just trust in Him today.
522 Won’t Heaven Be Lovely
1. Won’t Heaven be lovely, oh children of mine, You beautiful children with faces divine; You hunger for truth in your journey below, So soon I’ll be coming, have faith as you go.
2. It’s just a bit longer, you’ll not be alone, In this earth full of trouble on your journey home; The angels are with you, you’ll be safe from harm, You will not fall prey to the devil’s smooth charm.
3. The ones that are with you who speak only harm, Have been singled out and they will be disarmed; They’ll shrivel like leaves in the cold winter’s night, No longer be able to cause grief and fright.
4. My wonderful children, remember your friend, I’ll be with you always, right up to the end; You’re never forgotten and soon you will be, Safe in your homeland, in Heaven with Me.
523 This World Is Just A Stopping Place
1. This world is just a stopping place as we travel on our way, To God’s Great homeland up above, we’ve heart the wise ones say.
2. So dry your tears my little child, your loved one’s home with Me, To rest awhile before the throne for his great wedding day.
Chorus: So brightly now, he shines above in heavenly raiment here; He’s never known such peace and joy, he’ll never shed a tear.
3. This reward he’s found at journey’s end will all by your someday, If you hold dear to the precious love I grant to you today. Chorus:
524 Thou Knowest Me
1. Thou knowest me for what I am, I am not worse nor greater than, Please keep me small that I might be, Just as thou plannest, Lord, for me.
2. I knowest not which road to take, I dare not choose, lest Thou forsake, So plant me here that I might grow, And trust in Thou who surely knows.
3. It’s to Your kingdom where I look, I know this from Thy Holy Book. I read, I trust, I do believe, I know my God will surely lead.

4. Thy little child is what I am, While on this earth a little lamb. I’ll follow You while I am here, and in Your fold I will not fear.
5. My Jesus dear, Just keep me small, I want to trust you most of all. So on my wedding day I’ll hear, The chorus of my loved ones dear.
525 We Go On Our Way
1. We go on our way, through life day by day, Each moment at times seems so long. And if we’re alone, we tremble and sway, So we depend on our Jesus so strong.
Chorus: Just stand with me child, I will strengthen you. You’ll drink of my power divine. For your love is true and I will stand with you, I’ll never let you stray behind.
2. Our troubles befall, they get in our way, We wonder how we will get by. Then loved ones appear and gone is the fear, We all trust in Jesus so true. Chorus:
3. You’ll help me get by, I’m never alone, You send all your children so dear. We speak of our love and our Savior who will guide us through trials and fear.
Chorus: I’ll stay here with you, just one step at a time, And lean on your power divine. For my love is true and You’ll stay with me too, You’ll never let me stray behind.
526 There’s A Song That Is Waiting
1. There’s a song that is waiting in our new homeland, This song is prepared by God’s heavenly band; It is something so lovely just angels can hear, This song is not meant for our own earthly ear.
2. Someday in Heaven we too shall sing, With the choir of angels, such a beautiful thing; No person here could ever bear, Heaven’s glorious songs wafting round everywhere.
3. So God gives us comfort and send us His word, Through the lips of our brethren, such songs have we heard; Now we will have something to sing ‘til that day, When God will reward us with new words of praise.
4. So sing children sing, we are given these tunes, To be reassured that He is coming soon; Just sing ‘til the sun breaks the dark of the night, When with angels too, we will sing with delight.
527 God Gives Us Strength To Get Through
1. God gives us strength to get through each day, Without His love we’d lose our way. His love is so true, it has no strings, By His love alone we have reason to sing.
2. Our song is bestowed on angel’s wings, Delivered with love what a gift it brings. Contentment to stay on this earth so drear, Staying faithful to Jesus who loves us so dear.

3. He breathes life within this earthen jar, Our souls are delighted, He erases the scar. The scar of sin that might bar the way home, Everlasting joy now safe in the womb.
4. It won’t be long now, this promise He’ll keep, For He keeps close watch of his faithful sheep. No devil’s watch will ever damn this flock of Jesus’ innocent lambs.
528 We’re Never Alone
1. We’re never alone in this land so strange and drear, This land of sin and grief and fear, For our Father is standing right by our side, Not watching from afar.
2. He sees every move, He guides our hands, Our thoughts are always heard, not a step is taken without His watchful eye, His loved ones are not forsaken.
3. The love of God is a wonderful thing, Such peace it brings our souls, The ringing bells and angel songs are just outside the door.
4. We’ll live in peace if we simply reach out to the One who loves us so, We’re never alone in our journey here, In our life on earth below.
5. Remember His name, reach out to the One, A whisper so soft He will hear, No reason to ever feel all alone, For our Father saves every tear.
529 A Child Was Born In Bethlehem
1. A child was born in Bethlehem so many years ago, Into this land God’s precious Son on us His Grace bestowed. This wondrous gift, a shining star to Bethlehem did lead, Shepherds tending flocks by night unto their Lamb proceed.
2. A precious babe in swaddling clothes, aglow with Heaven’s glory, Shining through God’s starry night bade them to make the journey. What makes that light, what could it be that draws us from afar? Such glory rings within our ears, all from that shining star.
3. Through night compelled by faith alone in wonder and in awe, There shepherds journeyed in the light of God’s bright shining star. And shouted they upon the sight of Christ Child lying within, “Behold! The King of Kings is born! Hallelujah and amen!”
4. All living and all holy ones within the manger there, Gave thanks to God for giving us the Son He holds so dear. Our Jesus was bestowed on us to take all sins away, And leave instead God’s promise of an everlasting day.
5. The shepherds told the story to all those who would give ear, Of the glory of the Christ Child and the promise that He bears. A Savior born this very day to save us from our sin, Hosanna, Hallelujah! Sing praises and amen.

530 All One Must Do
1. All one must do to earn his crown, Is ask for forgiveness, so wear not a frown; The love that comes on angel’s wings gives us the songs, so praises we sing.
Chorus: Whispers of love songs in the air, Children are singing them everywhere; Singing songs of praise to Thee, Who gives His love so willingly.
2. Oh what joy, what peace, what love! When God sends His music from Heaven above; To grace our tongues and ears with this chords, Of wonderful words of praise for our Lord. Chorus:
3. Sing with abandon, sing with joy, Sing with the music He gives, just enjoy! The gift of love, child it will not be long ‘til we sing the everlasting song. Chorus:
531 This Earth Is Not Meant To Reward
1. This earth is not meant to reward us in life, With contentment come mixtures of trials and strife; We are joyful with all God has given us here, Knowing He’ll help us through struggles and fear.
Chorus: So stay with me Father right up to the end, It is on your sweet promise I want to depend; Just end me my wings and to Heaven I’ll fly, It is on your sweet promise I’ll always rely.
2. God’s wonderful promise will keep ‘til the end, he has given His Word through dear Jesus, our friend; A friend we can trust when no others will stand, Through the toughest of times in this alien land. Chorus:
3. On some glorious morning with angels He’ll fly, To take His dear child to our homeland on high; We’ll be swept up in wonder, as light as the breeze, On the arm of our Bridegroom, singing praises to Thee. Chorus:
532 I Feel So Like A Newborn Lamb
1. I feel so like a newborn lamb, my legs so weak and small; The world’s so big it frightens me, I have no strength at all.
2. Find me Father, lead me on my way, please hear my tiny call; While here alone in this large land, support this lamb so small.
3. I know the others standing here are really not my kind; They live their lives in earthly joys, they have no heavenly guide.
4. I cannot count on the aimless ones or on my self alone; Just on my Jesus, Shepherd, who will guide me safely home.
5. I’ll stay with you, Father, here on my way, I’m at your beck and call; I am not alone when You’re with me, with your strength I shall not fall.

533 Oh My Little One
1. Oh, My Little One, He calls, Now I see the hallowed halls; I can hear the angels singing, I can hear the joy bells ringing, Come home.
2. I have fought and I have won, And now I hear the wedding drum; And I see my precious Savior, The salt has kept its savor, Come home.
3. Oh, thine precious little one, Who is loved by God’s dear Son; Has my dear one now departed? Has eternal life now started? Come home.
4. He has entered Heaven’s door, To remain forevermore; Where he hears the angels singing, And he hears the joy bells ringing, Come home.
5. When we hear that final song, We will sing it loud and long; Oh, the angels will be singing, And the joy bells will be ringing, Come home.
534 There’s A Song We Haven’t Heard Yet
1. There’s a song we haven’t heard yet, with a lovely melody, It’s so beautiful that flesh cannot contain its purity; It is gentle, it is soothing, born of joy we’ve not yet known, And this song we all will sing when we get home.
2. We will see our blessed Jesus when we’re gathered at the throne, he will kindly look upon us, He will bid us welcome home; There we all will be united, there we’ll never have to part, And this song will spring from deep within our hearts.
3. He will carry all the weak ones who depend upon His might, Those who suffer tribulation and are wounded in the fight; He will heal us, He will love us, He will hear our every sigh, Oh! Just listen to this soothing lullaby!
4. No more sorrows will befall us, we’ll rejoice in victory, He’ll release us from this body, Oh! The Spirit will be freed; We will gather in our homeland, join our loved ones finally, Safe at home, we all will sing that melody.
535 In A Little While
1. In a little while the sun will shine, the birds will sing, the clouds will clear; In a little while I know I’ll be at home eternally.
2. In a little while the day will come, when I can see, my victory; In a little while the gloom will go, and only joy I’ll know.
3. In a little while the pain will cease, the soul will find, a sweet release; In a little while my journey’s done, Thank Jesus, I have won.

536 Though At Times I Am So Weary
1. Though at times I am so weary when this world I have to face; I often long for the glory when I may end this race.
2. And when my journey is ended, I will be in that wonderful place; And with all the gladsome tidings, I will look on Jesus’ face.
3. It will then be revealed such rapture in His sweet warm embrace; As up to His side we are carried with a smile upon our face.
537 Many Times On This Journey
1. Many times on this journey, I feel in such a hurry; Caught up in daily matters, I forget why I am here. Then a song comes so sweetly, a believer comes and greets me; I’m reminded of our Savior dear and His gracious gift of life.
2. When we talk I’m encouraged, no need to be discouraged; My brothers and my sisters know exactly how I feel. Yes, we live in this world but we are not of this world; And the difference shows, calling out to those who are searching for this faith.
3. Keeping eyes on tomorrow, that day of no more sorrow; We leave each other in God’s Peace and continue on our way. And my step becomes lighter, my spirit becomes brighter; So much comfort comes just to see someone who is holding on to faith.
4. Now those matters material don’t seem all that important; How could they really matter when we have eternal life. There is comfort in knowing the fruits of faith are showing, Not in bold displays but in subtle ways, as children tarry here.
5. Keep me ever reminded so I won’t become blinded; This song of love repeat to me to help me on my way. Then I’ll rest so completely when Jesus comes to greet me. But for now I’ll sing, trusting everything is according to God’s will.
538 Little Children That We Are
1. Little children that we are, keeping eyes on distant star; With this light our path is made clearer so we can walk unafraid.
2. Other people do not know why we love our Jesus so; Wonder why we won’t be swayed from the pathway god himself has made.
3. But if they could see His light, all His power and His might; Wouldn’t they rejoice here too, send away the devil and his tools?
4. Now and then we feel too weak, lacking strength enough to speak; Of our gracious, loving God; To the flesh the spiritual seems so odd.
5. But when God wants us to speak of His Word to souls who seek; Bravely we, on truth can stand, by the power of His loving hand.

6. He’s the only one that knows to whose heart this Word will go; It will always do its work though the devil ‘round each corner lurks.
7. Look what our Creator make, every mountain, every glade; Parted waters, sculpted earth, To all things our God has given birth.
8. Yes, our God is greater than any thoughts or works of man; From here everything shall pass, but His Word eternally will last.
539 When Our Savior Was Born
1. When our Savior was born on that bright Christmas morn, All the stars from Heaven shook; All the earth stood still, but oh, what a chill, On the day Jesus Christ was born.
2. Oh, the earth was so bright with a Heavenly light, On the day Jesus Christ was born; Not a soul was unlearned on the day He was born, On that Bright lighted Christmas morn.
3. Oh, the earth did quake and our bodies did shake, On that bright lighted Christmas morn; All our souls fly away on a bed of new hay, On the day Jesus Christ was born.
540 Though Our Trials On Earth
1. Though our trials on earth seem so grievous, they compare not at all to the cross, Which He bore so that we can inherit a home up above, with out God.
2. He’s provided a way to be worthy, relief from our burdens as well, Carries us when we stumble and falter, all our worries and fears He will quell.
3. When we greet one another and shake hands, it’s the holiest kiss from above, This we share, as instructed to do so, In the Word that was given by God.
4. Look around at this group of believers, singing praises to Father above, Even though each of us has a burden, burdens lighten when we join in song.
5. When we gather together in Jesus, no a one is too poor to come in, nothing of ourselves can we offer, just repentance for all of our sins.
6. Brothers, sisters, let’s not take for granted, this wonderful gift from our God. ‘Til the world imposes its sanctions, let us gather as oft’ as we can.
7. Let us keep in mind our purpose, testimony to God’s only Son, All we need to know when questioned: Jesus Christ and Him crucified.
8. In God’s Peace we will leave one another, knowing we’ll be united again, If not here on this earth then in Heaven, Hallelujah, we’ll sing, and Amen.

541 We Are The Chosen Ones
1. We are the chosen ones, gathered together to hear God’s Word, Food is our one desire, guidance, the thing that we require. And when the Word’s revealed, love so pure can’t be concealed, Praises go up to God, in joyful shouts or a quiet nod.
2. We are the tempted ones, “Come with me, let’s have some fun.” World beckons, every way, tries to see what we will say. But when we follow Him, all those offers start to dim, Better, in faith to stay, singing songs along the way.
3. Sometimes we’re weary ones, struggling here from sun to sun, Our flesh is oh, so weak, His forgiveness now we seek. And when we realize, for our sins our Savior died, Thanks go to Jesus dear, carried us from year to year.
4. We are His little ones, mothers, daughters, fathers, sons, In faith we’re all the same, yet each one has a spiritual name. And when that name is called, summoned to the wedding hall, Swiftly we’ll go to Him and our new life will begin.
5. We are the sheltered ones, bound together by His love, Gathered from near and far, guided still by shining star. And when we see His face, takes us in His warm embrace, Happy, we’ll be with God, carried home in arms of love.
6. Now we are thankful ones, gracious God gave us His song. Nothing from in our past can lift us up nor shadow cast. For when our Jesus died, “It is finished,” was His cry, He made the sacrifice, gave us all eternal life.
7. We truly are the ones, waiting for the rising sun. Knowing our treasure’s there, for this world we do not care. And when we see His face, shining brightly, filled with grace, Sorrows we had while here instantly will disappear.
8. We are His cherished ones, likeness on this earth, there’s none. We have no words to say, how His love will glow that day. So keeping eyes above, let us share this gift of love, Until we meet again, In Jesus’ name, we’ll say Amen.
542 Jesus Help Me
1. Jesus, help me I feel so alone, I have no one I can call my own; In this world there are so many things that bring sadness and make my heart sink.
And then Jesus comes to carry me, Reaches right across the stormy sea; All His strength, I can rely upon, Safely, He will bring me to my home.
2. Oh, how lonely I have been while here, Living life each day in pain and fear; Living in this strange and troubled land, Reaching out for Him to take my hand.
Then my Jesus gives His hand to me, Takes me straight across the stormy sea; Takes away my pain, my fear, and then, Brings me to a place where sorrow ends.
3. Oh, this journey is so very long, Time moves slowly all my joy is gone; All around me there is darkness here, All I want to have is Jesus near.

Then my Jesus sends His song to me, Rising high above the raging sea; Soothes my spirit, shines a light my way, So I can continue one more day.
4. I’m not worthy, I have many sins, I wish I could walk away from them; Wish I had the power to say no, Oh, I fear to hell my soul will go.
Then my Jesus comes again to me, Rescues me from raging, stormy sea; Lifts me up and calms my labored breath, Lifts my spirit, gives to me His strength.
5. On this earth I have a troubled life, On this earth I search from left to right; Why must I have so much pain and fear? Where is Jesus, does He know I’m here?
But when I cry out to Him again, He comes quickly, He is my true friend; What a joyous sound for me to hear, Words of comfort from my Jesus dear.
6. I have sinned, I fear I’ve gone astray, I have fallen short in every way; In my weakness I know I’ve done wrong, Oh, my God, is all forgiveness gone?
“No, my child you are still my own.” All your debts He paid, you’re not alone; From the depths of sin He’s lifted you, Through the thunderous waves, held on to you.
7. Oh, how long I’ve waited for this day, Oh, it seemed I wouldn’t find my way; Struggling, sinking in my frail craft, Crying, sighing ‘til the very last.
But my Jesus held on tight to me, Brought my spirit ‘cross the stormy sea; Gives me peaceful rest and comfort now, He held true to every word He vowed.
8. Sometimes you’ll be sad and in despair, You may think you’ve fallen from His care; Brother, sister, just keep holding tight, He will bring you through the darkest night.
Then you’ll wake to see the peaceful shore, Raging seas will jostle you no more; Ever joyful, here we’ll always be, We’ve been rescued from the stormy sea.
543 Come Join Together
1. Come join together, let’s sing a song of joy, We’ll sing a hymn of praise to the Lamb of God; Leave all that’s temporal for treasure up above, glittering brightly, wrapped in love.
2. Love one another, forgive your brother’s sins, give in to love before bitterness sets in; Helping each other in kindness on our way, Guided by Jesus, day by day.
3. Spiritual blessings, a love that never ends, Sharing with us His strength, to our wounds attends; Sorrow is nothing compared to Heaven’s joy, a promise that Satan can’t destroy.
4. When we’re believing, we have a special way, To keep the devil out, try though as he may; “Get thee behind me, my Savior is my shield, Under His power you must yield.”
5. For He has promised to keep me from all harm. Though you come tempting me, dressed in all your charm; I know you’re trying to steal away my soul, desperately wanting to take hold.

6. When we’re in Heaven, the answers will be clear. We’ll know the reasons for burdens carried here; All doubts will vanish, be banished far away, Waiting is over, joyous day!
7. Sweetly is sounded, the call from Jesus dear, We’ll be surrounded by all the saints up there; Love so abundant, it cannot be contained, only through grace we have attained.
544 When We Walk In This Land
1. When we walk in this land, we must hold unto His hand, He’s our strength, steady guidance, He does understand; That we’re weak and we’re small but His love can shield us all, Singing praises to Him brightens lights that are dim.
2. Look around, look around, there’s no peace here to be found, In a world that’s gone crazy, where right is made wrong; Subtle lies, dark deceit, devil’s preaching in the streets, Getting braver each day, tempting people away.
3. When the world troubles you, here’s the simple thing to do: Call on Jesus for help, and His strength will come through; To the wounds that we have, He is like a healing salve, Rest assured that this love comes from Father above.
4. Don’t let go, don’t let go, He’ll come soon and then we’ll know, How it feels to be free and to let sorrows go; Lay your burdens right down for the peace you now have found, Thank your Jesus again, every wound He will mend.
5. Happy day, happy day, when we finally get away, Leaving sorrows behind, only joy will remain; For our home up above is a mansion filled with love, Never ending is bliss in a new land like this.
545 Oh Happiness In Father’s Arms
1. Oh happiness in Father’s arms, I’ve longed for there to be, He holds me oh, so tenderly, His face now I can see; now Heaven’s glow around me here, for I am now set free, Safely now in Father’s hug, my victory I see.
2. My life on earth is over now, no longer will I be, Tempted by that Satan’s wrongs, away from him I’ll flee; In Father’s house my victory is waiting there for me, Oh, what joy and happiness, my reward I can see.
3. When Father called, my heart did jump, He’s heard all my prayers, His child I am, He told me so, then He opened Heaven’s stairs; Without delay I stepped right up and reached for His dear hand, He firmly held it, took me home, now free here I stand.
4. My, oh what joy now all are here, not one will missing be, Brothers, sisters, who have gone before, Father, Jesus and now me; So, in God’s Peace, I’ll leave you now to live eternally, Just keep His love first in your hearts then together we’ll be.

546 Bring God’s Greetings Loud And Clear (Tune: Praises Father Dear To Thee, No. 222)
1. Bring God’s Greetings loud and clear, In your travels while down here, to His children who believe, In God’s Word and in God’s Peace.
2. Jesus died upon the cross, Five deep wounds filled with God’s love, Forgiveness for the sinner’s soul, That is all we need to know.
3. A lesson from God’s Bible now, Lot’s wife turned back and now she’s salt, Don’t look back at your own past, God’s salvation comes at last.
4. A camel through a needle’s eye, No earthly riches need we buy, It’s all been paid by Jesus’ blood, It’s all been said by God above.
5. Just a whisper in God’s ear, He will hear you loud and clear, A mustard seed of faith it takes, To move a mountain in God’s wake.
6. In God’s Peace, I leave you now, ‘Til that day when we can shout, Praises to our Savior dear, Hallelujahs loud and clear.
547 When My Journey On Earth Is Ending (Trans: No. 188 Finnish Blue Book)
1. When my journey on earth is ending, All will change to a joy unending, Trials and sorrow too, Trials and sorrows too.
2. When the blessed earth will hold me, In its gentle arms enfold me, Then weary bones can rest, Then weary bones can rest.
3. Since Jesus my grave has selected, Made it warm by His death and protected, On a journey of three days, On a journey of three days.
4. Then He showed me the pathway certain, By His wounds it is marked for certain, To the new Jerusalem, To the new Jerusalem.
5. My ticket was purchased and ready, That takes me to Heaven already, By His own sacrifice, By His own sacrifice.
6. And there on the cross He signed it, With His bleeding hands proclaimed it, Leading to Paradise, Leading to Paradise.
7. When the river of death will carry, My soul on that beautiful ferry, Made by His holy wounds, Made by His holy wounds.
8. Then my spirit rejoices forever, In Heaven already forever, Of such great blessedness, Of such great blessedness.

548 A Table Has Been Prepared For Us (Trans: No. 149 Finnish Blue Book)
1. A table has been prepared for us, With a feast most delicious; So that the deaf, dumb and the lame, All can enjoy the feast, the same; And from this table the lowly are, Offered the sweetest fair by far.
2. The eldest brother took offense, At the preparation of this feast; His resentful mind chose not to change, Though Father offered him the same; But it will surely humble them, When the dust goes back into the earth.
3. Though here the storms keep raging on, Until the power from them is gone; It is okay, it just indicates, For a moment, we were not awake; Then the Bridegroom takes unto His lap, The blackened bride, in His arms wraps.
4. But still awake is the one Hero, On whom all of our burdens flow; This blackened life cannot harm me; I’m from the Bridegroom’s living tree; So this blackness will then be left here, When this dust goes back into the earth.
5. And there Paul heard a voice say, In mercy be content and stay; When in my flesh the sting was left, By the Bridegroom, you were newly blessed; And all your sins will be left here, When this dust goes back into the earth.
549 There’s A Song That Has Yet To Be Sung
1. There’s a song that has yet to be sung, God in Heaven has written for us; All the songs in this book can’t compare, To the one up in Heaven we’ll share.
2. Up in Heaven we’ll sing, rejoice and shout, Hallelujahs to God, who gave His Son; Jesus Christ came to die to save our souls, Just believe in your heart it is so.
3. Oh, I hope it won’t be very long, For this world full of sin drags me down; But I must wait with patience while here, In my heart I know God’s Word is true and dear.
4. For we know not the day God will call, All believers into that Heavenly hall; God’s prepared us a mansion up on high, On that day up to Heaven I will fly.
5. On angel’s wings up to Heaven we will fly, We will sing with one voice up in the sky; Thanking God, Jesus and the Holy Ghost, Rejoice aloud for they saved all our souls.
6. And when the devil gets on my case, It’s so nice to see another believer’s face; And speak of God’s love and mercy shown, It lifts my spirit, when I’m sad and down.
7. God has given His Word, oh, so true, When I read it, it lifts my spirit blue; Even the greatest of sinners like me, Forgiveness in my heart and soul, just believe.

550 Just Keep Rejoicing
1. Just keep rejoicing, always rejoicing, Keep your footsteps always near; So keep rejoicing, always rejoicing, Keep your pathway just right here.
2. And do not listen, my little children, To this world, please don’t hear; Just keep rejoicing, my little children, Keep rejoicing, hold me dear.
3. Just keep rejoicing, always rejoicing, And keep me here in your heart; So please my children, keep rejoicing, Stay together, do not fear.
4. For I am with you, in your spirit, I am watching, holding you here; I’ll never leave you, I won’t forget you, Because I love you, I am here.
5. So keep rejoicing, just keep rejoicing, My little children, I am here; My hands are on you, I am with you, Look to me when you are scared.
6. I will reach you, hold your hand out, And I will take it, please don’t fear; So keep rejoicing, just keep rejoicing, I am listening, children dear.
7. So do not listen to the devil, He is talking, please don’t hear; Just keep rejoicing, always rejoicing, Keep rejoicing, children dear.
551 Sometimes I Wonder
1. Sometimes I wonder how I’ll thank Him, When I see my Savior’s face. The words seem near but they are not clear in this corruption’s haze. But I know that, when I see Him, I will praise Him joyously. When this fog is finally lifted, And new words are given me.
2. I often think of all those loved ones, Who have reached our home above. In weakness here they encountered fears, But were bolstered by His love. If they saw me in my struggles, Though I know this cannot be, “Trust in Jesus,” they would tell me, “He’s the door and faith’s the key.”
3. I often wonder why this blessing, Was bestowed on one like me. The highways and the byways searched, Unworthy souls made free. In His mercy, God has called us, Who had nowhere else to go. Such a blessing that is offered, Why would anyone say no.
4. One day this wondering will be over, When I see my Savior’s face. In land of peace where the worldly beast is barred forevermore. Just imagine that reunion, When we all are called away. Endless praises are in order, From the start ‘til end of day.
552 The Bride Of Jesus Dear
1. The bride of Jesus dear has gone to home above. She’s carried all the way on wings of love. Her journey here has ended and she’s left this stranger’s land. A new day has arrived, we can be glad!

2. At home in restful peace, she sings with angels now. Her Savior called her name and then she flew. To golden gates above, she enters heaven’s door today. Her tears are wiped away, no need to cry.
3. A tune so sweet and clear, comes down to earth today. To comfort those who have to say good-bye. But they will get home too and see the wonders up above, Embraced by God’s great love, they too will fly.
4. A gift no one can give, while here on earthly shores. Is given to God’s children when they leave. We cannot know how lovely is our home awaiting there. His love is shining brightly everywhere.
5. And when we leave this land, a joyous cry goes up. The angels in God’s heaven will rejoice. A child of God is home and can forget these trials below. A joyful day is dawning, this we know.
553 There Has Never Been A Love Like Thee
1. There has never been a love like thee. For it takes me to eternity. Where we’ll fly up in the skies, With starlight in our eyes. There has never been a love like thee.
2. There has never been a love like thee. For it takes me to security. With our master on my arm, I’ll be safe from worldly harm. There has never been a love like thee.
3. There has never been a love like thee, For it takes us home eternally. With this feeble body moved, In that new land we’ll be grooved. There has never been a love like thee.
4. There has never been a love like thee. Where we’ll fly to His entirety. When the trumpets sound aloud, We will rise above the cloud. There has never been a love like thee.
5. There has never been a day like this. Where he takes us to eternal bliss. Where we’ll rise up in the skies, With the one we idolize. Oh, there never was a love like this.
554 Listen My Dear Children
1. Listen my dear children, The angels call you home. Listen to their voices, They sing such a sweet song.
Chorus: Thank you Father, for saving me. Thank you, Father, you carried me. Thank you, Father, you gave your only son. Thank you, Father, you are my only one.
2. A song of our dear Jesus, Who died for you and me, Keep your faith so precious, And you will become free. Chorus:
3. God is up there for you, In paradise he waits. Forget not what he’s promised. Eternal life awaits. Chorus:
4. He gave his son to save us, from hell’s eternity. Believe your sins forgiven, That’s all he asks of me. Chorus:

555 There Will Come A Day
(Trans: No. 203, Kerran Tietanen)
1. There will come a day, When this earthly fray In my ears will not be sounding. I will leave this space, For a brighter place, Living with my God in glory. There before the Lamb’s great throne I’ll always be, Playing on my harp in Heaven’s harmony. There will come that day, When this earthly fray, In my ears will not be sounding.
2. Since my very heart, And my earnest though, Rises up among the highest. I was there in though, In that wondrous spot, Where my soul arose to brightness. There with spirit eyes I was allowed to see, My Lord Jesus going into death for me. Since my very heart, And my earnest thought, Rises up among the highest.
3. Oh, my Jesus dear, Is it truly clear, That I’m blest within your blessing. How can one so weak, Even hope to seek, Life with thee in paradise forever. Yes, my Jesus, surely I belong to thee. Since thou promised joy eternal I will see. Oh, my Jesus dear, Truly it is clear, That I’m blest within your blessing.
4. There will come a day, I’ll forget the fray. Once when I behold my Jesus. There in paradise, With the sainted lives, I will be released from anguish. I will fall asleep within those wounds of love, Find my crown already made for me above. There will come a day, I’ll forget the fray, Once when I behold my Jesus.
556 The Brain Is Always Sore Displeased
(Trans: No. 261, Se Jarkea Oikein Harmittaa)
1. The brain is always sore displeased, With the talk of faith that does not cease; To the brain it is sheer insanity, that the body of Jesus is feeding me.
2. It is a mystery of the faith, That the bridegroom feeds us with himself; And those who get just a taste of Him, Another drink will crave again.
3. It mortifies our earthly brain, And yet with mercy will sustain; So swallows small can freely sing, In wine tree branches twittering.
4. The wine tree berries, red and ripe, Become the children’s pure delight; While tasting of this precious food, Our songs of praises are renewed.
5. The hungry hawks are always near, When the bride is praising her Jesus dear; While the lame are leaping up from joy, The wolves, their angry howls employ.
6. The bride is worthy after all, To enter into heaven’s hall; No matter what the brain decides, She still is his beloved bride.
7. The brain would like to bring to grief, And urge us into unbelief; But we as children firmly stand, On the strength of God’s own hand.
8. And there we stay in perfect rest, While sleeping on mother’s breast; When the father takes us in his arms, The peace we feel is sure and warm.

9. The love defied the power of death, The curse of Golgotha attests; And those who truly crave this love, Will find it’s given from above.
557 Goodbye To You
1. Goodbye to you, our dear old friend, It’s been nice to journey here; With ones like you to travel with, Believers, oh, so dear.
2. God sends his words upon the lips, Of friends that we have known; The bond we share upon this earth, Will sustain us here below.
3. So be on your way, your journey here, No longer weighs you down; You’re free to fly with wings up high, Bestowed with wedding crown.
4. There Jesus waits, arms open wide, To greet his loved one who, Has burst out of the chains of flesh, God’s Peace we bid to you.
5. Forever more God’s light will shine, Upon you lovingly; Our Jesus dear, my tired old friend, Has finally set you free.
6. Peace unto you, my dearest one, Peace unto you today, You have reached your reward, the gift is yours, You leave us joyously.
558 Thank You For The Gift You Have Given Me
1. Thank you for the gift you have given me, I don’t think I always use it willingly, I am yours to serve, Whether I deserve, The gift you’ve bestowed upon me.
2. Sometimes I complain about this task at hand, It seems such a burden to me. But my will is yours, You’re mine to adore, For you have given, such joy to me.
3. My flesh is so weak and it cannot comply, Without the strength that you supply. So if I complain, help me to sustain, Without your hand dear Lord, I would die
4. So I give thanks to you, dear Father divine, Overjoyed that you want me as Thine. I’m eternally yours, you’ve battled my wars, You’ve promised me, Heaven sublime.
559 I Cometh Soon My Savior
1. I cometh soon my Savior to be held safe in your arms, Please keep me in your loving care, away from Satan’s charms; This land is not the place for me, I long for your heavenly light, It will guide this traveler away from earthly plight.
2. To view your shining face among the beauty I shall see, Is all I need on earth below to comfort even me; This little child of your so longs to be safe upon your breast, To shed these garments worn so long and finally be at rest.

3. My weary body longs for sleep, to awaken one great morn, When all my tattered rags will fall to pieces, old and torn; A shining garment waits for me, such beauty I can’t describe, A weaving made of holy love, entwined in God’s pure light.
4. That blessed morn I long to see, it won’t be long I know, Please keep me safe my blessed Lord, then to heaven I will go; I’ve believed in you and your love so true has kept me on the way, So hold me, Lord, within your arms and keep me one more day.
5. My dearest ones, believing here, stay safe within his light, Don’t wander from the path he’s shown, stay steadfast during the night; We’ll all be gathered up one day to see what we’ve believed, So hold onto our Jesus dear, He’ll be with you in your need.
560 I Am Troubled By Thoughts
1. I am troubled by thoughts so worrisome, Telling me I’m not a part of God’s kingdom, And I won’t get to see those mansions, Where his children reside in peace.
2. When I look at my brothers and sisters, They seem so confident and ready, To go to that heavenly city, where God’s children reside in peace.
3. Then I look at myself, and I wonder, How I wish I could be a little stronger, So these troublesome thoughts wouldn’t haunt me, Will I not reach that land of peace.
4. But then why would the devil taunt me, If he were not trying to turn me, Away from the heavenly city, Where God’s children reside in peace.
5. And Jesus said, the weakest, he’ll carry, In God’s Word is the promise of glory, So when those thoughts come rushing toward me, I’ll just turn to his words of peace.
6. There are trials that we all encounter, On our way to that heavenly city, By believing in Jesus, our Savior, We’ll be carried to heavenly peace.
7. Along the way, let’s remind each other, That God is the one with the power, To sustain us on this journey, ‘Til at home we abide in peace.
561 As Believers We Are Fighting Hard
1. As believers we are fighting hard, We feel so weary in this lonely world; Our lives are faced with so many trials, We don’t know if we can stay awhile.
2. And so we continue on our way, We bide our time each minute, every day; Our faith grows stronger as we share our love, On this journey to our home above.
3. We falter on our steps through the night, And find our strength as darkness turns to light; We see our blessings as we praise our God, For we are the ones he ahs chosen to love.
4. So hang on brothers, sisters, who are dear, We have to follow this Bible here; Our confession to others will bring them in, So we may travel together to the end.

5. Our lives are difficult and God can see, that we need him to find eternity; So keep your journey on this living path, And we will make it to our home at last.
562 Today I Am God’s Blessed Child
1. Today, I am God’s blessed child, And I’m surely on my way, To be with Jesus Christ, my Lord, He will take me all the way. He knows my faults and my weaknesses, And forgives them everyday, Today I am God’s blessed child, And I’m surely on my way.
2. Thank you, my God, for giving me, Your love within my heart, Without your love, I could not see, The beauty in your child. Forgiveness is a mighty power, Must use it every day, Today I am God’s blessed child, And I’m surely on my way.
3. Soon, I can leave this earthly land, And walk through Heaven’s door, There all the saints will welcome me, Who left this land before. We’ll know each other spiritually, for we are all in one, Today, I am God’s blessed child, And I’m surely home to stay.
563 In My Heart, I Hold You Dear
1. In my heart I hold you dear, My Father’s word to love and fear; Loves me as his little one, And gave to me his precious Son.
2. Then he died on Calvary, He did this just for you and me; Rose from hell to homeland shore, Forgave my sins forevermore.
3. Satan’s busy throwing dirt, Amongst God’s children, tries to hurt; He raises up a real big stink, And claims our boat of faith he’ll sink.
4. Then our Father calls to me, Says don’t believe in what you see; Keep it as your heart does speak, My little child your soul I’ll keep.
5. So when cold dark winds do blow, Into your heart to chill your soul; God’s light of love fills up your heart, And casts away the sinful part.
6. Leaves me warm and all content, Then fills my heart with joy immense; I jump and shout rejoicingly, Oh, thank you God, for loving me.
7. Father’s will, will all be done, He knows our need, He’s the only one; God loves His children, all are blessed, No one is greater, no one less.
8. Home at last when I arrive, Jesus is there right by my side; God will then say unto, You’re home my child, I’ve set you free.
564 Our Father In Heaven
1. Our Father in heaven, Father on high; How great was his mercy for me; He sent us his son, to suffer and die, For a sinner even like me.

Chorus: And now I believe, now I believe, That Jesus died for me; And now I believe, now I’ll receive, The treasures God prepared for me.
2. My trails on earth weigh me down, And when I feel I can’t go on; I just remember the gift Jesus gave, And that one day I’ll wear a crown. Chorus:
3. Now up to Heaven my spirit soars, Like an eagle spreading its wings; And soon I’ll reach that peaceful shore, Where I’ll sing eternally.
Chorus: Because I believed, I had believed, That Jesus died for me; And now I receive, now I receive, The treasures God prepared for me.
565 Brothers, Sisters, Dry Your Eyes
1. Brothers, Sisters, dry your eyes, Wipe your tears, you need not cry; God’s Peace I bid you, It’s time to go; On wings of love, upwards I go.
2. Bride of Jesus is laid to rest, No more burdens, fears or tests; Golden crown now on her head; All for Jesus’ drops of red.
3. Singing with the angels there, Dancing in the summer air; She no longer remembers earth; She’s been given her new birth.
4. How wonderful when we all can, Join to sing in the angels band; Hallelujah! We will shout; No believer is left out.
5. Do not worry while you’re here, Remember home is very near; Jesus soon will call you home; Away from here no more to roam.
6. Brothers, sisters, dry your eyes, There’s no need for you to cry; Home at last, I’ll safely be; Life in Heaven eternally.
566 Our God Is So Wonderful
1. Our God is so wonderful, He gave his only son. Jesus died on the cross, Everlasting life was won. He took our sins away the day he died on Calvary; Jesus opened heaven’s gates for believers, you and me.
2. Our God is so wonderful, He prepared a home on high. One day I’ll reach that homeland shore, My song will never die. I’ll stay in lovely, golden mansions for eternity. Never will I have to leave heaven’s security.
3. Our God is so wonderful, he helps us in our need. The devil got my finger, But God heard every plea. He stayed right by my side so I would clearly see. He paid the price for me when he suffered on the tree.

4. It won’t be long, I can’t wait to meet our loved ones there. Forever I can stay in Jesus’ loving care. I’ll see the brothers, sisters, who have gone before us all. They’ll sing that brand new song as I enter the wedding hall.
5. Our God is so wonderful, I hear him calling me, Come now my child from this earth, you can gladly leave. Your work is through, come and rest in my loving arms. Forever I will keep you from danger and from harm.
6. Look up now through the mist and see our Jesus dear. See heaven’s beauty and that new song we now hear. Our race here is ended and we can all go home, No more to carry this old cross and never more to roam.
7. Our God is so wonderful, he takes care of us all. He helps us, his children, making sure that we won’t fall. The devil always tempts us each and every day. But God will carry all of us and help us to stay.
8. The worldly war is raging but we don’t have to fear, As long as we trust in God, The trumpets soon we’ll hear. Jesus will come on the cloud and take us all from here. We can all sing praises and shout for cheer.
9. Hold on tight to father’s hand for just one more day. Don’t worry about tomorrow, or worry of yesterday. We may be joined tomorrow with all of God’s blest. We will be at such sweet peace when he lays us on his breast.
567 Our Father’s Lavish Mercy
(Trans: No. 158, Jumalan Runsas Armo)
1. Our Father’s lavish mercy, Is flowing in a stream, The precious blood of Jesus, Will keep the sinner clean. ‘Tis there the ones repentant, Find rest and peace of mind, Then ones who thirst for mercy, That fountain pure will find.
2. The crag and moor rejoices, In mercy’s boundless place, While open spaces blooming, Bring forth the fruit of grace. In joy too great to fathom, Is Sion, glorious! Ever with heaven’s glory, Jesus is crowning us.
3. Ever the Lord of Sion, Sustains the ones in need, And in his mercy strengthens, the weak and feeble knees. So rest in firm assurance, Within our Shepherd’s arms, He drives away what’s fearful, Keeps Sion from all harm.
4. The blinded eyes are opened, The deaf are made to hear, The lame like does are leaping, the mute sing praises clear. The streams of life are flowing, Within this wilderness, The five deep wounds of Jesus, Are cities free from stress.
5. The high and rocky waste land, Is changed into a spring, Where Sion’s birds of passage, upon its shores can sing. The poison-stinging serpents are driven from their lair, Now grows the grass so verdant, In mercy lush and fair.
6. Our road within this desert, Is smooth to travel on, And no one there will wander, When Jesus is along, There no betrayal can enter, Our Shepherd stays aware, Rejoice, ye flock of children, In Father’s gracious care.

568 When The Lord My Shepherd Is (Trans: No. 167 Blue Book)
1. When the Lord, my Shepherd is, What from me could lacking be; Secure and safe in my dwelling, And heaven’s manna I feed upon, By the reviving waters, Our Shepherd, Leads all of his sheep, With his love and staff he gathers, All this flock who are his own.
2. With the power of his kingdom, He cares for me as his own, Paid the price so high when he pledged, Everlasting life for me; In his shelter, safe forever, In peace I will protected be, In his loving embrace I can enjoy victory eternally.
3. Gone is the fear from my heart, Jesus lives within me now, Gone is the power of hell, For Jesus won us that victory; Our shining victory garment is carried, By our own bridegroom, From this loneliness here we will soon be moved to our homeland too.
569 This Message Of Love
1. This message of love I will give to you, Keep it precious then you’ll know it’s true; There’s nothing else you’ll ever have to do, But sigh these few words from me to you.
Chorus: Jesus Christ and him crucified, These are the words that warm me up inside; His spirit tells me I will be his bride, Jesus Christ and him crucified.
2. Remember this children as you start each day, Stay in my love and let me guide your way, I’ll keep all my promises, just please don’t stray, I’m coming for you, wait just one more day. Chorus:
3. Forgive each other along the way, Help one another to keep your faith, Because I love you I did send my son, He did all I asked of him, He said it’s done. Chorus:
4. These are the words that are dear to me, They fill this old heart with joy and rhapsody, With wings I’ll fly up to eternity, and there my soul forever free will be. Chorus:
570 Gather Around, Hear The Sound
1. Gather around, hear the sound, It’s coming from afar. Lift your eyes to the skies to see the shining star. Jesus Christ, the Son of God, born this day in a manger stall; Comes to save the world from sin. His grace is given free. This grace will make you free.
2. World of sin, he entered in to preach the Word of God. Met with joy, baby boy, a perfect life un-marred. Jesus Christ was born that day, Came to take all our sins away, Praise to God for sending him. A perfect sacrifice, Through him we’re given life.
3. Met with hate, he knew his fate yet bore the cross so hard. Willingly, to the tree of sacrifice he trod. Jesus Christ, our brother dear, Though he died he has risen there. Broke the chains of sin and death. Give thanks with every breath. Give thanks with every breath.

4. Yet today, people pray and cry his name aloud. He will hear those who fear and love and trust in God. Jesus Christ, the Savior true, Brings this gift though but just a few; Gather now to confess his name, The message still the same. The message still the same.
5. While we’re here, gather near and sing these songs of love. As we wait for the gate to open up above. Paradise is opened wide, I’m allowed to go inside. Just because I believed on him. His grace was given, free. His grace has made us free.
571 I Am Home In Heaven, Dear Ones
1. I am home in Heaven, dear ones; Oh, so happy and so bright; There is perfect joy and beauty, In this everlasting light.
2. All the pain and grief is over, Every restless tossing passed; I am now at peace forever, Safely home in heave at last.
3. Did you wonder I so calmly, Trod the valley of the shade; Jesus’ love illuminated, Every dark and fearful glade.
4. And he came himself to meet me, In that way so hard to tread; And with Jesus’ arm to lean on, Could I have on doubt or dread?
5. Then you must not grieve so sorely, For I love you dearly still; Try to look beyond earth’s shadows, Pray to trust our Father’s will.
6. There is work still waiting for you, So you must not idly stand; Do it now, while life remaineth, You shall rest in Jesus’ land.
7. When that word is all completed, He will gently call you home; Oh, the rapture of that meeting, Oh the joy to see you come.
572 Just Call My Name
1. Just call my name, my Savior dear; My heavenly name I so long to hear; I’ve believed in you, my friend so true; Just call my name, I will come to you.
Chorus: I will come to you on angel’s wings, I will call your name as choirs sing; I won’t hesitate, I won’t linger here; When bridegroom calls, my Jesus dear.
2. Oh, call my name, my friend so dear; Please take your child away from here; This bride is ready for the day you call, “Come here, come home to stay.” Chorus:
3. This brand new name rings in my ears; It is the end of all my fears; I hear you call, “Come unto me!” This voice of yours has set me free.
Chorus: I’ll fly to you, To heaven I’ll soar; I’ll enter through that heavenly door; You’re there to meet me at my side; The bridegroom’s come to meet his bride.

4. Don’t cry for me, for I have seen; What you believe, it’s not a dream; I am not gone, just waiting here; For all my loved ones to appear.
Chorus: You too shall fly on angel’s wings, As with the choir you too will sing; By faith in God, You’ll surely see, What there on earth, you have believed.
573 Praises To Our Father
1. Praises to our father for he loves his children so, Put aside your differences and let his warm love grow. For father has the power to conquer Satan’s ways, Destroys his very venom and takes away his play.
2. Soon the time is coming when he’ll take us home with him, Away from this corrupted world, its torment and its sin. To reign with father up above, with Jesus by his side. Oh what joy and happiness, I’ll be his thankful bride.
3. Keep looking up toward homeland, it’s not real far away. There is all our family, just waiting for the day. When father says come now my child, the judgement day has come. Then Jesus says: My Father, I’ve lost not even one.
4. That’s you and me, his children, he chose us from the start, Gave his holy spirit to live within our hearts. He speaks of love and eternity, our reward and victory. Keep my word my children and believe in only me.
5. Our thanks to you, our father, for loving us so dear. You guide our every footstep and cast away our fears. I’ll love you, oh my father, ‘til all down here will cease. Then home I’ll fly at parting and leave here in God’s Peace.
6. Father oh so lovingly you teach us everyday, To stay within your precious love and pray we do not stray, For heaven is awaiting us, the wedding soon will start, Then home with father, all will be rejoicing happy hearts.
574 To Heaven I Go And On Wings I Will Fly
1. To heaven I go and on wings I will fly, This earth cannot hold me as this body dies; I’ll no longer be anchored on earth here below, The door has been opened, to Heaven I go.
2. To heaven I’ll go, I will tarry no more, When my Jesus calls I will fly to his door; This reward I have lived a whole lifetime to see, Now what I’ve believed in will be there for me.
3. The angels will sing as I walk through the gate, My loved ones will be there, I simply can’t wait; Oh, the beauty of heaven will be right before me, I will live in that wonder for eternity.
4. Oh, please shed no tears my dear loved ones today, I love you all dearly but this call I’ll obey; My Jesus is calling, I cannot delay, He’s calling me now so I’ll be on my way.
5. Don’t worry my loved ones, for someday you’ll see, Our wonderful Jesus if you just believe; The beauty will awe you as it has awed me, We will welcome you too when your soul is set free.

575 Oh Child Of God
1. Oh child of God forget all your fears, Our Jesus has saved us, he’s remembered our tears.
2. Oh child of God just remember he died, On the cross he’s our Savior, that’s why we’re alive. 3. Oh child of God, our tears aren’t so much, To bear on this journey we’re given so much.
4. Our faith is important, remember each day, How Jesus was sent to keep us on the way.
5. Our road here is troubled, we all can attest, But God in his great mercy will not forget.
6. How we struggled and fought to keep our faith alive, Just keep on the path of everlasting life. 7. Oh child of God, remember this well, When life seems too hard he carries you still.
8. Don’t look left or right just keep on the way, And someday we’ll see that heavenly day.
576 When Sometimes You Are Defending
1. When sometimes you are defending, That which you know is true; The great and noble standard, Jesus has planted in you. Never give up to a scorner, To those who look and frown. Remember the thing you have at stake, Of winning or losing your crown.
2. If the world sometimes hurts you, Laughs and mocks and scorns; Remember that Jesus bore for you, The homely crown of thorns. If the cross seems heavy, And you feel like giving up, Remember the time you tasted, That wonderful wine from his cup.
577 I’m Happy, I’m Singing
1. I’m happy, I’m singing, my heart is flying high. My Savior has uplifted me, He must have heard me sigh. Such richness! This feeling! I wish I could describe. I’m strengthened by the fact that I have Jesus by my side.
2. My life on this earth is so often filled with pain. Except when I remember, I have Jesus, once again. He changes me feelings, and water into wine. I do not want for anything, His love is so divine.
3. Because we are human, we error in many ways. But bound together by his love, In spirit, we’re the same. God’s grace is abundant, Just think of all he’s done. He’s look beyond our faults and sins, and given us his son.
4. Our Jesus has taught us to turn the other cheek. No ill will shall we harbor and no hurtful words to speak. Resorting to ways of this world will cause more pain. Forgive your brother when he falls and then forgive again.

5. Remember your brothers and sisters are weak, too. Forgiveness is what’s needed now, as he’s forgiven you. Let he who has no sin, be first to cast a stone. We shouldn’t let small differences impede our way to home.
6. The times are so troubled, the devil, oh, so brave! He’ll do whatever he can do to undermine this faith. But even in trials, our hearts can still rejoice! The weakest ones will triumph yet with Jesus as our voice.
7. God answers our prayers, though it’s done in his own way. We tend to be demanding but must trust him day-by-day. If one day is too long, then just one moment try. Without a doubt, he’ll hear a shout, though you may only sigh.
8. We know that God’s children just want to get away. For us this world is barren so we have no wish to stay. This won’t last forever, one day we can go home. Our songs will echo everywhere; No sighs, and not one moan.
9. In patience, we’ll wait now. He’ll call us in his time. He’ll gather all who are in faith, in heaven to abide. He’ll give us his shelter, and all our hunger feed. And instantly transform us there, fulfilling every need.
578 I Am Singing With The Angels
1. I am singing with the angels, And my troubles are no more; I am safe with God, dear Jesus; I am safe forevermore.
2. All my worries and my struggles, All doubts and all my fears; For my father now is ready, To take me home from here.
3. I feel his arms around me, He’s kept me in this faith; He’s taking me to heave, To be safe forevermore.
4. Brothers, sisters ‘round my gravesite, Dry your tears for I am free; I am singing with the angels, I am leaving you in peace.
5. Keep your faith that is so precious, Please never let it go; You will never be content here, Your place is with the Lord.
579 I Know My Precious Jesus
1. I known my precious Jesus, Will call me home one day; God sent him here to save us. He is the only way.
Chorus: Glorious will be that special day, When Jesus comes once more; Our souls will be uplifted, Through heaven’s open door.
2. There may be times we feel, That we are all alone; Our trials and tribulations, By him are surely known. Chorus:

3. God asks for very little, For us to get to heaven; Through blood of his son, Jesus, Believe our sins forgiven. Chorus:
4. We will never really know, The suffering that he bore; So that one day we could be, With him forevermore. Chorus:
5. Angels there will join us, As we enter Heaven; We’ll have eternal joy and peace, This precious gift he’s given. Chorus:
580 How Can I Feel So Weak And Small
1. How can I feel so weak and small? I cannot go alone; Into this dark and spiteful world, That cannot be my home. Sometimes I look at those and say, How can they be my friend. I feel so slighted and so worn, These feelings have no end.
2. The spitefulness that comes our way, Is the devil’s unkind hand. He nudges in-between us all, In this uncertain land. The only thing that gives us peace, Is Jesus dear, our friend. He loves us all eternally, His promise has no end.
3. He loves us all so tenderly, In good times and in bad. He hold his hand out tenderly, In this uncertain land. His comfort is our saving grace, For what we have alone, Is nothing without God’s dear love, In him we are at home.
581 I Walk On A Road That’s Very Narrow
1. I walk on a road that’s very narrow...I follow...my father ahead, And I must trust him even in my weakness; He’s here, he is right by my side. So often I sigh on this journey, with yearning, I call out his name, and then he comes so quickly and he answers: I’m here, I am right by your side.
Chorus: My faith is so weak, confession so meek; my pain is so deep, this mountain so steep. But when I call on Jesus, he assures me; I’m here, I am right by your side.
2. It seems that I’ve had so many sorrows...the furrows...cut deep in my heart. Yet every brother, each and every sister, has trials which they too, must endure. I struggle with burdens that are pressing, confessing my faith as I go. But in my weakness, sometimes I must cry out: I need him to be by my side. Chorus:
3. To comfort each other as we travel...Let’s sing out...our praises to him, For he has given his life for all his children. In him we can gladly rejoice! Our Jesus has promised that he’s with us, he hears us, he’ll carry us home. So do not worry, it’s a rocky journey. But Jesus will show us the way. Chorus:

582 Jesus, Jesus By My Side
1. Jesus, Jesus by my side, I’ll never be afraid; He’ll take my hand and carry me, For he will by my guide.
2. I never have to worry now, He has a plan for me; I trust in him and I believe, He died for you and me.
3. Brothers and sisters, children of God, We have to gather now; To sing him praises and give thanks, For all that He has done.
4. Believe toady and trust in him, He’ll never let you go; He’ll carry you until the end, To heaven you will go.
5. Leave your troubles, doubts and fears, They happened yesterday; Believe today for he ahs said, He will take you on his way.
6. Just look to God and ask for help, He’ll never let you down; He wants to take you for his bride, Eternal life forevermore.
583 We Believe In Jesus Christ
1. We believe in Jesus Christ. He’s the mainstay in our lives; For in this faith we believe, A better land we will see, When we are taken home to heaven.
Chorus: Jesus is our guiding light, And this gift, eternal life. His children are receiving, Simply by believing.
2. Without faith, a terrible fate, Would await us. Contemplate his love for us, On the cross, For our sins his life he lost, So we could all get home to heaven. Chorus:
3. Every sin disappears, When we taste his love so pure. Communion wine, for us shed, And for us breaks the bread, So all our sins can be forgiven. Chorus:
4. Children cry, children sigh. But our sighs go up like shouts. And Jesus hears, calms our fears, gives us comfort, dries our tears. Until we’re gathered there in heaven. Chorus:
5. We don’t know what lies ahead. But we know what Jesus said: No greater shall, burdens be, than we can bear; Trust that he, Soon will take us home to heaven. Chorus:
584 Let Your Light Shine Brightly
1. Let your light shine brightly, Every single day; Our flock is not completed, Someone’s yet astray. And always remember the price that was paid, And always remember, Our life he did save.
2. Comfort our brothers and sisters, On our pathway here. We all have our troubles, trials and despair. Yes, always remember the price that was paid, And always remember, Our life he did save.

3. The signs of the times are showing everywhere. This is our assurance, That he is with us here. And always remember the price that was paid, And always remember, Our life he did save.
4. No judgement of each other, But assurance of the truth; When our Lord comes calling, no one in faith left out. Yes, always remember the price that was paid, And always remember, Our life he did save.
585 My Precious Savior Let Me Lean On You
(Tune: No. 19 in Songs and Hymns, Beloved Jesus, I Am Coming Soon)
1. My precious Savior, let me lean on you; I try so hard to live my life so true. Life’s burdens gather ‘round me more each day; It makes me wonder if I can find my way.
2. I know you gave your precious life for me; With eyes of faith, you on the cross I see. The blood you shed shall never be in vain. God wants his children home with him again.
3. I’m waiting for that special day to see; When you have your arms outstretched for me; From that day on, I’ll never be alone; We’ll be together in our heavenly home.
4. Other believers will welcome me that day; To our glorious home in heaven that he made. We’ll walk along the streets of gold and see, The mansion that he built for you and me.
5. Praises to God for the precious gift he’s given; Belief in him is the only way to heaven. He paid the price so dearly for us all; Now I am waiting for that special call.
6. Singing his praises, I joyously will wait; To see my Savior by the heavenly gate; The heavenly angels welcome the honored bride. I’ll be forever by my Jesus’ side.
586 Now Why Must I Be Doubting
1. Now why must I be doubting and wondering why I’m here. Everything around me is telling me so clear. This earth can’t last much longer to house the Word of God. So Jesus come and get us before we lost it all.
2. God’s Holy Spirit guides our steps while we are here. With his holy guidance, we then will know to fear, The ways of this world’s troubles and of its unbelief. How lucky as God’s children, we do not share this grief.
3. Now, why must I be doubting and wondering why I’m here. God with his great power makes it very clear. He chose his little children to do his work down here. And sent his son, Lord Jesus, To help us with this chore.
4. This chore of just believing is pretty hard some days. But that’s because of doubting, This flesh get in the way. We need the Holy Spirit to tell us every day, That Jesus came to save us and take our sins away.

5. But doubting, we will always until the day we die. And God will always be there, Right within our hearts. He’ll help us cross that river of death and doubts fore’er, And off to that new heaven, With God we’ll always share. And off to that new heaven, With God we’ll always share.
587 Through This Vale Of Sorrow (Trans: Song No. 253, Blue Book)
1. Through this vale of sorrow winding, Path of life in Jesus Christ; Many dangers we encounter, Traveling on this way that’s right.
2. Yet there’s not the slightest danger, When we take that final step; With our life secure in Jesus, We have victory over death.
3. Death’s cold, dark, and raging current; Ends this earthly time of strife. Yet, it can’t with all its power, End our everlasting life.
4. Many of our friends and loved ones, Are already resting free; Where there is no trial or sorrow, Only joyous victory.
5. Surely we already know it, Very soon we can depart; Shed this garment of corruption, That so weighs upon the heart.
6. Into mansions high in heaven, We will be removed from care; Into Eden’s glad reunion, By our names being called up there.
7. He who here remaineth faithful, On this battlefield of strife; Will at heaven’s throne be seated, Crowned with endless joyous life.
8. There already many brethren, Wait for us, from sin set free; Into death’s cold bridge-less river, We can step most joyously.
9. He who crosses over Jordan, Sees no danger on the way; Then begins the joy eternal, In God’s everlasting day.
588 Traveling Homeward, Marking The Way
1. Traveling homeward, Marking the way one step at a time; Children of God detach themselves, From the turmoil of this world. For we, Know that, God will reveal in his own time; When we shall see our last day, And be taken away from here.
2. Looking homeward, Children of God are biding their time; Under the watch of Jesus, As we travel in this faith. Someday, we will see, The manifestation of God’s love; Brighter than ever, he’ll shine above, When he gathers his children home.
3. Thank you, Father; Rejoicing, my shouts will echo about; Into this faith, you’ve brought me, Kept me safe from the cold, dark world. One day, I will be, With all of his children safely at home; Freed from our sins and trials, We will glory in his name.

4. There is, No need, For us to be concerned with this world; Let them go on without us, For we have a much greater reward. If you’re tempted, Go to a brother or sister in faith; Turn to God’s Word, he’ll help you, It’s a gift that is precious indeed.
5. Should we, therefore, Give up our faith to dance with the world; Risk all of this and take the chance, Oh! How wrong and how sad that would be. Never, never! Why would we want to give up our crown; No, we will firmly stay aground, In this faith as we travel here.
6. Can we, Think of, Anything here that’s worth such a risk; No, we can wait for heaven’s bliss, On the day we arrive at home. Therefore, children, Let us remain in faith yet today; Helping each other on the way, Till we gather together once more.
589 Oh, How Precious Our Faith Is
1. Oh, how precious our faith is to us each day, As we walk in this wicked world. No riches down here can compare at all, To those we’ll receive at home.
2. For he gave us his only begotten son, So from all our sins we are free. Keep your faith oh, so precious, and soon we’ll meet, On God’s great golden shore.
3. How wonderful it will be when we see, What we truly have believed. God will call us home when this world gets so bad, We will never want to turn back.
4. Brothers and sisters, hold on tight, There is nothing for us down here. God’s Peace and contentment is all we’ll see, When in heaven at home we will be.
590 Every Day, The Tempter’s Trying Hard
1. Every day, the tempter’s trying hard to distract us left and right. But we know this is a narrow way, And that Jesus is our light.
If our struggles every now and then, Make us call for Jesus’ aide. It’s to help to keep us on the way, Satan’s plot won’t be obeyed.
But if we do not rely on him, On the strength of our dear Lord. Then our spirits soon will start to dim, We won’t be of one accord.
Chorus: But, faraway to heaven we’ll rise, To our home in paradise. We will meet our brother Jesus there, He’ll be right before our eyes.
2. It may seem some trials of this road are impossible to bear. But we shouldn’t ever think that way, Of his ways we’re unaware.
Not one thing will you be tempted with that has ne’re is past occurred. And by faith, all sin will be surpassed, God has given us his Word.
Can we think of any better place than to put our trust in him. If we didn’t have him in our lives, Then our fate would be so grim.

Chorus: But, faraway to heaven we’ll rise, To our home in paradise. We will meet our brother Jesus there, He’ll be right before our eyes.
3. Does it seem that you have lost your faith, Are you feeling cold of heart. There is comfort even in that state, It’s just one of Satan’s darts.
He will tell you this and that’s okay, And as soon as flesh gives in, He will say that you’re not good enough, Now your soul belongs to him.
But the devil doesn’t bother those, Who have truly lost this faith. If he really had your soul as his, You wouldn’t worry that you’d strayed.
Chorus: But, faraway to heaven we’ll rise, To our home in paradise. We will meet our brother Jesus there, He’ll be right before our eyes.
4. Though at times in weakness you have sighed, God has heard it as a shout. He will answer every earnest prayer, Quiet peace, he’ll bring about.
If we had all that we wished for here, Then we’d surely turn away. From this faith that sets our sights ahead, To our joyful wedding day.
Every step we take along the way, Everyday that passes by, Brings us closer to that joyful day when we meet in paradise.
Chorus: And far away to heaven we’ll rise, To our home in paradise. We will meet our loving father there, He’ll be right before our eyes.
5. What a wondrous thing he’s done for us, He has given us new life. Taken every sin and banished it, Even though that sin was rife.
What great fortune we’ve inherited, To be clothed in righteousness. All corruption will be washed away, In white garments we’ll be dressed.
When the music starts to play for us, Then we know the time is near. Cast away all doubts and be prepared, For our wedding day is here.
Chorus: And far away to heaven we’ll rise, To our home in paradise. We will meet our loving father there, He’ll be right before our eyes.
6. He will welcome every one of us, In his loving arms we’ll rest. He will carry all his little ones, Who have weathered every test.
When we’re gathered on that joyful day, We will praise our God fore’er. Every member of his family sings, And rejoices without cares.
No more tears of sorrow of this road, No more trials of this life. Just a peaceful and contented place, We will have in paradise.
Chorus: And far away to heaven we’ll rise, To our home in paradise. We will meet our loving father there, He’ll be right before our eyes.

591 We Will March Rejoicing
1. We will march rejoicing, Wrapped in our father’s love; Singing with the angels; Oh, how we are so loved. At home with all his children, We’re safe and really free; Our crown is put upon us, Our Jesus we will see.
2. He’s promised us a mansion, What he says, he’ll do; For we are his dear children; He loves us, me and you. Our hearts swell up in victory, Our hands held tight in his. Oh, great the day is coming, When with Jesus we will live.
3. He spoils us, his children, He gives us all we need; The blessings he bestows on us, Are miracles indeed. With love like that, who need this world, With all its hate and sin. With humbled hearts, we thank him now, And yearn to go with him.
4. He feeds us food of righteousness, It tastes so wonderful; And clothes us in his raiment, Pure white and merciful. Then sends his Holy Spirit, To live within our hearts, And stay with us till dawning, When our souls from here depart.
5. He brings us home to father, What joy is all around; Our brothers and sisters dancing, Adorned with victory crowns. Our father says, come now, my child, Come here and be with me, And live this life eternal, Your victory you’ll see.
6. So let your hearts now swell with joy, The time is coming soon; When we can leap rejoicing, And shed this flesh of doom. Our Jesus did it all for us, Because he loves us so. Now off we go a flying, To heaven here we go. Now off we go a flying, To heaven here we go.
592 What A Joyous Day
1. What a joyous day when we hear; God has opened a new believer’s ear. Sins of the past are now forgiven; Brought into faith, To see a new beginning.
2. The angels in heaven rejoice; When one of God’s children accepts the right choice. A heart once feeling lonely and cold, Receives a gift more precious than gold.
3. One day, heaven’s trumpets will sound; And the graves will open in earth’s cold ground. Far away God’s children will fly, To meet our Savior, Tears of joy we’ll cry.
4. Love and comfort, our Lord will give; And a mansion in heaven forever to live. Light so bright and water so pure; All believers will gather, safe and secure.
593 I Wonder Why These Troubles Here
1. I wonder why these troubles here, Make us stumble on our way. Is the devil’s craft so skillful yet, Stand strong against his ways.
2. Though my heart is often weighed down, By earthly troubles here. My spirit leaps so joyfully, When my heart his words do hear.

3. Bonded to all believers here, I’m awed by all the love. Hold on to faith just one more day, Then we’ll gather there above.
4. Wishing others could come in, And then their spirits see, What wonders are in store for us; If only they’d believe.
5. But God will whisper in their hearts, If they are meant to hear. Worry not my brothers, sisters yet, He will call all who are dear.
6. I walk here one more day on earth, Loving every one of you. With greetings shared so tenderly, how can we not be moved.
7. Peace now, my heart sings quietly, You’ve given me strength once more. Carry me today, I beg of you, Till I get to heaven’s shores.
8. To laugh and be forever free, From this life on earth so drear. I yearn to go, my soul set free, Oh! Why can’t we be there!
9. When chosen ones do fly so high, We ones left here below, Are reminded of this precious gift, And to never let it go.
10. Praises my heart will ever sing, Praises to thee once more. I carol, Oh! So merrily, That one day my soul will soar!
594 Oh, Wonder Of Wonders
1. Oh, wonder of wonders, my God has chosen me; From a lifetime of sin, he has set my spirit free. The sound of his songs is ringing in my ears; This beautiful gift is the escape from my fears.
2. I know that the sorrow I have are not in vain; Each struggle reminds me, He’s with me once again. I call on his name and the spirit reminds me; His death on the cross is the gift he’s given me.
3. Oh, Jesus, my brother in faith, you are my friend; I know in this life, your love for me won’t end. Please hold on to me, and never let me go; My Savior will keep me and to heaven I will go.
4. This manna from heaven, his body and his blood; Was sacrificed for me in his never-ending love. Oh, how can I thank him for all he’s done for me; All that Jesus asks is that in him we believe.
5. Our father in heaven has given us his son; Who loves us so dearly that our battle he has won. His spirit will guide us wherever we may be; When we call his name, his Holy Spirit sets us free.
6. One day at a time as we walk on this land; Remember, dear children, he hold onto our hands. Our faith is so precious, let’s never let it go; Hold on to the end and then to heaven we will go.

595 Believers Have All Gathered
1. Believers have all gathered, for a wedding day. A bride’s been chosen, her faith unbroken, to this precious day. Her cares of this world will be forgotten; She’s going home to stay.
2. The road we walk is narrow, with troubles on the way. Trials and tribulations, fear and temptations, bother us each day. But our cares of this world will be forgotten; We’re going home to stay.
3. We know not when our father, will take us for his own. We must be ready, our faith ever steady, till we reach his home. And our cares of this world will be forgotten; We’re going home to stay.
4. So believers as we gather, to sing and praise his Word. We must love one another, each sister and brother, as we love our Lord. Soon our cares of this world will be forgotten; We’re going home to stay.
596 In Heaven Is My Home
1. In Heaven is my home, That’s where I want to be. To be with my Jesus Dear, From now to Eternity.
2. There is not other way, But by faith we can be saved. To be with my Jesus Dear, From now to Eternity.
3. Many have gone on before, Who loved and followed the Lord. They are safe now with Jesus Dear, From now to Eternity.
4. So won’t you come with me, From tears and sorrows be free. To be with my Jesus Dear, From now to Eternity.
5. Hallelujah we’ll sing and shout, No believer will be left out. We’ll be with our Jesus dear, From now to Eternity.
